The space people?
Aunty, you must break this news to them.
They would come out and watch.
(Applause) I knows are made on illegally captured land, but capturing of land never happens in the dead of the night.
If I let one steal from me, what are the rest to look?
The startled horse reared back, letting the snake sneak into sixth place.
I went there to discuss climate change and came out discussing capitalism and state control.
And, uh.
I hope you you.
Do not do everything.
Now, youbut in such a world where we have so many other problems, do we need another cause?"
This doesn't mean that Afghanistan doesn't matter, but that it's one of 40 countries in the world with which we need to engage.
It frey.
Lucas:
Rahul is leaving Delhi by flight!
On what grounds?
It's such a thing.
Numbers do not lie.
Let's see. We stopped the world then.
Performed by MERA Yoshikazu
They're coming.
How many times do you think it could be folded like that?
Okay, boys.
May I?
It just means "stuff," OK?
The best part: it took only 200 dollars to make the first prototype.
KK: Thank you.
Nice meeting you, boyses.
that a district of no more than 10 miles square..
It's not...
Ranadev has turned traitor.
These vastly different fields share a common connection -- epigenetics.
Who the hell is Braga?
Please tell me why you're so mean to me!
What they do have is microfinance.
So they fill up on the unhealthy and cheap calories that surround them in their communities and that their families can afford.
They've got an apple here from South Africa.
-Son!
- Hello, brother.
[PANTING]
What you see here is the beautiful Louis Vuitton Cup trophy.
And she kept on at me.
I couldn't just stay in Seattle and raise my kids in an upper-middle class neighborhood and feel good about it.
I mean, how much can...
A ski shack?
Love you.
You are going to take the photos.
Bless you, Alexander.
My granddaughter gave that to me.
Pinky.
No. I was gonna say cool.
Diablo!
Africa has 53 nations.
Uh-uh.
What's next?
Let me tell you a little story from my own negotiating experience.
Now, he contracts out to Robert Nkomo Morel.
Yep, they're gonna clone the big guy.
(Clicking) Notice anything about it?
I'm asking you, in your limited world, can you open your minds? Can you open your hearts?
Stories change us.
"The ambiance is standing still."
Hey, get her off the stage!
And Seamus is able to do something that we human searchers can't, which is find it by smell before it flowers.
"Lucy Mirando!"
I'm not saying they're broken.
Why is that?
I'm not so used to it all yet.
Well, for a laundry man.
So here's what I learned.
(Applause) I just want to give you some more information about Progeria.
You couldn't save her.
They're gonna  more disciplined more like us.
Yeah, you guys are doing a real good job of cheering my buddy up over here.
First, the idea.
Good evening, Mr. President.
Today.
My company was 204 marines and sailors strong.
They had an amazing insight in terms of how to care for my mom in the last four days of her life.
Radiation gave birth to mutants.
He's always a bundle of joy when he wakes up.
You wanna stop gambling.
I'm sorry, but I can't let you do this.
Karna, I've been thinking lately...
Just go like you did in that fight out there, but slower and a lot less hitting'.
So our body lives in a very different environment as we get older, when it comes to these factors.
How do you know all that stuff?
If he can help, but he just can't see her like that.
Tell them to take off!
Shh!
Or awful.
Enough!
I don't know what to say.
- Our money!
I'd collected -- I was a collector, major, big-time.
They typicalland services like water, like healthcare, like housing, and they pay 30 to 40 times what their middleclass counterparts pay -- certainly where we work in Karachi and Nairobi.
No, you can't stay here, or you...
Have enoughheo what they need.
What I should done yeendless debates.
Somebody took him out a couple hours after Greely last night.
Alain De Botton: Yes, I think it's merely the randomness of the winning and losing process that I want to stress, because the emphasis nowadays is so much on the justice of everything, and politicians always talk about justice.
I don't even use that cloth to clean my two-wheeler.
50 years ago, an alien force known as the Formics attacked Earth.
- Do you?
Toki, quick! You're... You can't pass, sir.
It was, and feels, monumental.
The baby is gone.
The joy comes from my three stunning children.
And so, I really got bitten by the bug of deep-ocean exploration.
Who will rule this great empire?
One of my favorite parts of my job at the Gates Foundation is that I get to travel to the developing world, and I do that quite regularly.
They say the sound of the stars Run a ring around the planets From Venus to Mars Who you looking for?
He didn't pay.
(Laughter) That's roughly how it happened.
I collect branding irons that were used to mark slaves as property.
No one gets this chance.
She's single.
Get off!
This is life-changing.
I want to watch this.
Go ahead, feed the man.
Unless there was truth to them?
Right now, it's time for:
And we've been honored to work with them, and are now teaming up with a number of organizations that are working across other countries to try to help them do the same thing.
A 500 rupee note.
I wanted to have a college degree like her, so I fought with my father and my relatives to be sent to college, and it worked.
And it was very important for us to establish the exact moment that it would fall, because if we made it in a way that it would topple over, then it would damage itself, and if it didn't fall enough, it wouldn't instill that fatalism, or that sense of wanting to go and help it.
Born to destroy you.
And the city has planned -- for better or for worse -- 12 million square-feet of development that the High Line is going to ring around.
- Damn!
Auntie.
Where're they headed?
Let's look at you, boy.
" ආයුබෝ වේවා!
Now one of the important things we need to think about government is that it's not the same thing as politics.
Promise not to tell.
No, you don't.
We're in, let's go!
And there are o call this compassion fatigue.
Let's go upstairs.
And the more you select it the higher the voltage.
I've been struck by cars six times.
- Don't take anything, let's go.
With all this new data, what does it mean to be a woman?
A boy's drowning!
It takes time.
He's always ill.
Because at Passover, when we have to eat unleavened bread, the rabbis say, what is the difference between dough that is made into bread, and dough that is made into unleavened bread, or "matzah"?
Cutting one wire might do nothing.
That you'd get it again, I mean.
We notice it mostly when there's some kind of unpleasant sensory intrusion upon it, like a terrible smell or something visible like smoke or mist.
After I say -- let me refresh you -- "have you no shame?"
The mauresque?
You okay?
- [ RIFLE SHOT ] - [ SCREAMS ]
The sound of thunder may indicate divine intervention or anger.
And then they five years to find out who died.
Just having a laugh.
I don't think that this ts automatically going to happen; it's going to require effort.
You can take those great courses and make them available so that a kid could go out and watch the physics course, learn from that.
I am scared that if I talk to him, I will fall in love.
No,no,no.
Just keep shopping.
- He is a war in the south of the territory.
But it's a much bigger problem in Europe than the US.
"But," I hear you say, "what about the research?
Flat macwell for easy reloads.
Speak for yourself, you...
Catch her!
Reporting for duty, Sergeant Major.
All life reactions happen in water.
"If you go away...
But, what perhaps some of you don't realize is how far we've come to get there.
I can't do it with just him though.
Attention, all zone three welders.
The school where he graduated from with his master's had just offered him a teaching appointment, which meant not only a salary, but benefits for the first time in ages.
Restaurant.
As a white, cited States, there are many ways I'm very privileged.
Continue to advance and along the valley.
And yes, we have developed more selective drugs, but it's still a challenge to get them into the tumor, and they end up accumulating in the other organs as well or passing through your urine, which is a total waste.
- Maggie!
You can't sut of this one!
I hope Ellen's feeling better.
Not jusalso talk to me.
But in Denmark we are actually allowed.
She tried to strangle Danny.
And so, as a chilthe breakfast table, then margarine disappeared, then bread became too expensive, then milk became rationed.
I've run several dozen such surveys in different parts of the world, and in all cases except one, where a group actually underestimated the trade-to-GDP ratio, people have this tendency towards overestimation, and so I thought it important to give a name to this, and that's what I refer to as globaloney, the difference between the dark blue bars and the light gray bars.
So why is blood important?
So it's in tha typeface to use after World War II for new maps and new projects, they picked Futura.
He said, "Don't do it!
AND I'LL NEED 20 MINUTES.
No vessel can outrun that wretched haul of the ship.
Uh, I asked her if shte with me sometime, and she says, "No."
You fit in nic there.
Until now, these people haoice.
It's by Silvarret.
I am also a horologist.
-(SCOFFS) Yeah, right.
The Missus cut him.
What are they doing?
It looks like it weighs more than an actual Roller.
Point taken.
We do not engage in illegal activities Leave
People have looked asols out into space to fizzing bubble waters in the ocean.
It takes a little bit of prad do it, but for today, this is epinephrine.
One of my favorites is table of 11.
Hello?
Let's just ses.
'Eyes unclouded'?
She says Jon Arryn was murdered.
Because statistically speaking, students unstable living conditions, well, they rarely complete high school.
So... should we o
Doug made me realize it.
Maybe even humans, but Jesus.
You are convicted felons?
You're mistaken.
The news coverage at the tlotov cocktails and burning tires were the only activities taking place in the Intifada.
I don't know.
Get Okja on the phone now!
Night drops as always, sir?
I mean, there is a major climate crisis, obviously, and I think if people don't believe it, they should get out more.
You got paint on you.
He strolled... like a man in a park, without a care or worry in the world.
You bastards!
And even parens of color in paintings to unir children say to them is as important as what they don't say.
So, rather than waiting for that, I actually made my own, just using a piece of paper.
How's business?
(Applause and cheering) (Applause ends) He does deserve a lot of applause, because I don't think he's slept much in the last three months, actually.
She's the queen we chose.
So things like neonatology, intensivg will still remain at the hospitals, at least I believe for the foreseeable future.
And so they took a bit of time to learn about that.
I'm so sorry.
She's bigger.
- Jacob please go.
I guess--
Once we identified these substances, we cref a mixture, a blend of synthetic substances that are reminiscent of what you produce from your body.
Who entered the premises?
Oh, God.
I got the information in here.
It's just not big enough, or strong enough, or durable enough to drive solutions to the biggest problems in our world today because it's incremental cost.
- Carlisle will hurt. - We all need training.
God only.
Fire on the beach.
Smash the line between science and religion... so those people can figure out the sciences of religion.
(Laughter) And kids can be cruel.
So we're seeing a rise of this availability being driven by mobile device proliferation, globally, across all social strata.
My gun.
Many people think that attention is all about what we are focusing on, but it's also about what information our brain is trying to filter out.
On the streets they call him El Diablo.
We'll get you back in the fight, before the Hollow finishes whatever she started.
CASE, you're with me.
But, of course, that's the point.
Sheriff.
That's all.
It was a transformation like no other.
Good. The first one is silence.
I was kind of counting on him to show a little bit more compassion.
Rebekah suggested I hear them.
He became a shaman after seeing a sign in the sea one morning— like his father and grandfather before him.
We select a few fellows every year and we have them work with city governments.
That's why I'm not running after this bloody money.
And next year, she will come back.
I tell you what, unless you're willing to pull that trigger and put a bullet to the head, that nine mill ain't gonna be much help.
When I was a kid, no one wore a seat belt.
Six? I can do that. (Laughter) So let's look at the yin to the clarity yang, and that is mystery.
Ensign T-Rex and I are investigating a hostile alien invasion.
Tokyo it is.
[shrieks and laughter]
Fuck it.
You're our only option.
At the hearing, they even submitted restaurant reviews -- restaurant reviews!
Meatlug?
She liked to do things for you.
And 1957 -- the United States had the same economy as Chile has today.
With their eyes.
Oh, Staci!
It has everything on this earth, from the poorest to the richest in Latin America.
A king isn't born, Alexander.
But something else awaited me and humanity.
Audience: Wow!
The garden isn't ours, it's wrong to take the fruit.
(Laughter) And then finally, let me point out the last one -- a quirky one.
A lot of good experiments in this.
Because she's the one that got me the job?
They're selling us shoes and cars.
And the women said, "You know, Jacqueline, who in Nyamirambo is not going to buy doughnuts out of an orange bucket from a tall American woman?" And like -- (Laughter) -- it's a good point.
I see. Look at the size of your neck.
Your father!
Stay away from my son!
Help!
It shifted the Earth's tectonic plates, sped up the planet's rotation and literally shortened the length of the day.
Because when you can bring your Saturday self to work on Wednesdays, you'll look forward to Mondays more, and those feelings that we have about Mondays are part of what makes us human.
And I think, I truly believe, that we can change this thing one laugh at a time.
The ability to create is the most empowering thing that can happen to an individual.
Give me a kiss.
Last year ...
All clear.
It's very nice for discussion, discourse, making films and everything.
YOU TELL ME.
But I believe in them.
Now what does the year 2100 look like?
Hiding behind his fairy god!
Give us something else.
Now, behind the scenes in games, we've had a limit for a very long time.
(Laughter) I'm talking about all companies.
More than you can see in yourself.
But then what I realized when I went to college is that technology doesn't just get adopted because it works.
And it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this stage twice; I'm extremely grateful.
And you get to Darwinian evolution and you find out, we're not special on this Earth we're just one among other life forms.
Most are non-violent and they fall into two broad categories: active engagement with ethnic rivalries and religious beliefs and fair, transparent economic development and provisioning of services.
God, this is so humiliating.
Works like a charm.
We've got to get backstage.
- Fuck.
Time Warner has called and they want us all back on the couch, just consuming -- not producing, not sharing -- and we should say, "No."
I decided this, not him.
I have a few weeks.
Roman, you hang in there.
In August, six weeks after the nurse died, hundreds of people were dying of the disease each week.
And they're not all the same.
I was...
What are you carrying?
And all for Waller.
And we feed them -- sterilely of course -- with what we call cell culture media -- which is like their food -- and we grow them in incubators.
- There's no Rodrick here.
- Yeah, this is it.
And it was brilliant to be part of this team.
By the way, I know guys that would've done him real slow.
Allowance is breeding kids at a young age to expect a regular paycheck.
I'm asking you!
A recent class project had the task of addressing hearing loss in these elderly people.
Nothing.
Collect your passport and be there.
Tinkering School doesn't follow a set curriculum, and there are no tests.
The Starks have overextended their lines.
Above the critical density, any additional vehicle reduces the number of cars per second passing through a given point on the road.
We build outpost on other planets, using great machines to reshape environments to our needs.
What have we got?
Hey, guys, hold up!
My boss is floored.
There's still men buried.
The kitchen girl, the redhead with the behind.
You heard me, spider?
Well, try this on!
If you're in the communal industry, look at religion and do the communal bit.
There's a pen down there.
It's a weekly turnaround of production.
He's exposure to radiation.
Guess whose elysium now.
Let's look at today's market, the US dollar is trading at 1.31 against...
Uncle.
She likes athletes who cry with disappointment.
I want you to be excited. I want you to be relieved.
There are no slides, so you'll just have to be content with me.
I told you my life complicated.
Not here.
In that sense, settlement, identity and social integration are all the producer and product of effective urbanism.
They belonged to boys who would join business and inherit business from parents, and girls would be dolled up to get married.
- I don't think you quite understand.
Even rich European countries could never handle such an influx without massive investment.
The miracle of your mind isn't that you can see the world as it is.
Teachers who have been teaching science for donkey years, they just muck up the definition and they spit it out.
But the tidal gravity is so quick that... something crossing the horizon fast might survive.
How to count rice for six hours?
We thought it was essential that people should be able to use this system in their own language.
If they haven't contributed the right amount of grain to the stores, then I'm afraid they'll have to make due with what they've brought.
I came to give you this quilt.
- You die, we die.
LB: So I think the kind of equation to keep in mind is that the virus moves dependent on three major issues.
And I just called his nine-year-old niece an idiot.
Don't look so disappointed.
She agrees to the mission.
Servers are fried.
And if she did, you wouldn't get it anymore.
Government is doing what they can, especially in terms of the pandemics and epidemics such as cholera, or Ebola at the moment, but with competing priorities.
So we could get three thumbs together, and Peter could join us.
"Whether day or night, it's lost in a trance..."
This is the way that most of us were taught to tie our shoes.
Flashes of lightness and blackness.
They communicate, of course, but you will never catch a chimpanzee traveling to some distant chimpanzee band to give them a talk about bananas or about elephants, or anything else that might interest chimpanzees.
(Laughter) But my favorite, favorite, favorite is "cuck."
Finding my use has helped me to break free from being boxed, caged and bottled.
So what is altruism?
You must know why I am here
(Laughter) I said, "You're a peach, ma. Pop there?"
I'm sorry, I didn't have our little study sessions..
And that... is why I can't take you.
They've arrested him !
You've got no powers...
All right, all right, let's get moving.
Captain Jaye Burnett.
Boy: That's why.
I couldn't scale them up or down, I couldn't really do anything of that sort.
Y'all jokers must be crazy.
Doing good.
I just picked it out of that trash can over there.
But China is a superstar in terms of economic growth.
- I know everything.
I remember what it felt like to be Brandon Stark, but I remember so much else now.
Polymer is 1,000 dollars, 1,500 dollars a ton.
Who's gonna beat us now?
There's a problem in the society, sir.
That farmer's dream is all some people have.
And now we can go to the library."
Fifty percent were international.
Got 2 kids
Let's try the first floor.
ROME: This is crazy.
So everybody wants to have an English education, naturally.
All right, all right.
He played an absolutely key role, more than 40 years ago, in helping the world get rid of the scourge of smallpox.
They were all linked to the three kids that got killed.
innocent?
My mother in Accra, my twin sister in Boston, my best friends in New York: these relationships are home for me.
What's on your mind.
So they're taking all the pigs back to the company.
SO HOW DO I ATTRACT YOUR ATTENTION?
Anything interesting?
So where'd you serve?
Alan, we need you, buddy.
- You swear it?
Hey, let go of her!
We need to see mental health as important as physical health.
You're my brother.
- I will follow all commands you are authorized to give but if you take away my free time I will get you iced.
Young?
Does anybody know where, we keep toner cartridges
They'll be absolutely fine with the veterinarian and with the horseshoer, but you can't ride him.
Have you ever tried to guess someone else's password so many times that it locked their account?
Because without arseholes, Samantha, shit would never get done.
Same analogy with driving a car
These DNA decisions also happen in other parts of the body.
(Laughter) And here we go. Here we go.
You had these the whole time?
So what do you gotta lie about it for?
Five?
- Your pardon.
Back here in Florida, we've got the opposite problem.
Is she in love with him?
When you see grumpy customer service, point it out.
Regular coins do not exist in combinations of heads and tails.
Hey, two for four.
(Laughter) The thing I love about typography, and why I love fonts and why I love Futura, is that, for me, what I study is everywhere.
We're not home right now but leave a message and we'll call you right back.
- What's bothering you?
I want to get under the skin.
But in this culture of humiliation, there is another kind of price tag attached to public shaming.
My concern
Jammu &amp;amp; Kashmir: 14 cases were reported in Jammu and Kashmir.
How's the weather down there?
including Stenz.
How do you know?
HANNAH: Guys.
(Laughter) Didn't really work out that way, did it?
This is WGN Chicago.
You talk to this Earl yet?
Klaus, aren't you team muscle?
As a result, perception is a subjective experience, and that's how we end up seeing through our own mind's eye.
Why don't they produce leaps?
You would've forgotten it and he too!
AG: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Well, what's the place?
- Forty-five to an hour.
Teaching?
I want to introduce the Arabic language to young learners, foreign speakers, but most importantly help refugees integrate to their host societies through creating a bilingual learning system, a two-way flow of communication.
You slip me a bottle of bourbon a little glass and some ice.
Next time, we should carpool.
Over.
You know you can't win.
There's been allegations of a $2 billion money trail that leads back to President Vladimir Putin of Russia via his close childhood friend, who happens to be a top cellist.
Meditate for half an hour.
You two can still get married.
And eco-friendly, you know?
These people believe that the symbols are very similar to the kind of symbols you find on traffic signs or the emblems you find on shields.
I'm not talking about the kind of technology that has enveloped our lives, and that people come to TED to hear about.
He had everyone wrapped around his chubby little finger.
Dougie, I gotta tell you, man.
However, we all copy what everyone else does, and local cultural norms are something that shape how we change our behavior, and this is where the private sector comes in.
The technology is here.
And we realised we were at the top.
I saw you set down.
These shorter structures held up their decks with diagonal cables that ran directly to support towers.
- Because she's coming up fast.
Fishlegs and Snotlout trail with none.
You have no children, Alexander, and we're just humble men, we seek no disturbance with the gods.
Less than one percent were in the room when it passed the House.
My name is Stuart Duncan, but I'm actually probably better known online as "AutismFather."
Yeah all right, then, but don't tell your dad.
Okkoto!
Seven rounds?
It will be a school where children go on these intellectual adventures driven by the big questions which their mediators put in.
How's your face?
Move.
I mean, it just gives you the scale.
[SOFTLY] Get out.
My Führer, this boy alone destroyed two tanks with a bazooka.
There's no way back from here.
Later that day, she looked up into the sky with hope, because she saw two planes crossing in the sky.
And, yeah, there are some people out there who do it and they feel that they are doing a religious obligation.
Is that what you call it?
Are they still looking for reps? You disloyal little shit.
Julia...
A new friend?
How could I have done this?
My wife and children are coming.
I stole their future from them.
It's that you're worried that everybody's going to treat you so carefully.
I'm not a complete fucking yokel, I've done coke before.
Same bogus return address again.
Thank you.
Ha! You should have thought of that before you stole all of our dragons... and blasted our fort to bits!
Now, I feel that we have become victims of centrifugal forces.
And more.
We should leave.
"What I Will" I will not dance to your war drum.
That was the most frequent response that we received.
Hanging.
All your life, the world has tried to tame you.
(Laughter) But the night of my speech, a surprising thing happened.
Be brave, men.
Open the damn door.
Self-organizing systems also always show emergence, which is that the system starts to do things, which it was never designed for.
So if there's something I'm experiencing shame around in my life, I practice diving straight into it, no matter how scary it is -- and sometimes, even publicly.
You deserve it.
I don't mean the software; I mean an ancient artifact that contains in the same text both a known text and an unknown text.
These are simple objects: clocks, keys, combs, glasses.
She says the King is in danger.
And so, when I told her about our idea -- that maybe we could take a Tupperware model from the United States, and find a way for the women themselves to go out and sell these nets to others -- she quickly started calculating what she herself could make and signed up.
We'd better make it just a whipping.
And what was discovered from studies like that is that the sugars have changed when the cell transforms from being healthy to being sick.
And if I do, you can leave me."
Okay, pretty good, huh?
They may not want to talk, but it's nice to connect with someone living each day with those lasting images.
The possibilities are endless.
He's on stage if you'd like to collect him. Sorry, who are you? Vincent Swan.
Who is that guy?
Don't shout.
Brother sent him to Paris to study so he can join family business.
Hey Jim, we've been thinking about you!
US Gov object 6-19-82 is successfully activated.
I been better.
What it means is that a few feet of difference in the human body makes more of a difference to your microbial ecology than hundreds of miles on Earth.
Now let's try this one more time!
You sure did.
(Laughter) I recommend you all do this.
Let me give you something fun to do.
Abort! Abort!
These are the sacrifices.
Just need my orders.
Soon? Or do we have to wait?
(Applause) One of the real challenges is to innovate fundamentally in education.
The name's Eight-Ball, like in the game.
SEAN:
(Laughter) A day is too short; "after I retire" is too long.
He called this plant the flytrap, and within a decade, it made its way over to Europe, where eventually the great Charles Darwin got to study this plant, and this plant absolutely blew him away.
I would lose a career that I loved passionately.
- Right up against that big tree.
Simon maybe there are some things it's better never to remember.
The way he worries about me.
They, above all, wanted to do what's best for their child.
Sometimes you gotta call a little prick a little prick.
Because you don't trust anyone.
AG: Every scientist will recognize that expression of despair.
But I also had grandfathers who died in refugee camps.
A great responsibility rests on each of you.
Come on, you know those bases are for show now.
I move to, uh, authorize Amanda Waller to establish Task Force X under the ARGUS program.
Friday night and all.
What is wrong?
yet incomplete... sweetheart."
Then I hit him.
He was smuggled into the jail at the age of two to hide beneath her skirt tails because she couldn't bear to be without him.
I'm sorry that I've been such a jerk to you.
As women, you have a chance.
In Motihari in Champaran, there are a lot of people who sell tea on the shack and, obviously, there's a limited market for tea.
The Khaleesi wants to eat something different tonight.
She's still going out at night?
Huh!
Where are they? Where are those ripples?
Sorry!
From our boat, I could see the ice sweating under the unseasonably warm sun.
(Laughter) Now, he immediately wrote me back.
They have to come by ground.
From just an idea that sounded crazy, you have the largest encyclopedia in the world.
We wait.
What are we going to do?
Next to her breast.
- How was your trip?
Evacuation him.
We don't even have geography uniting us, because the natural geography of the subcontinent framed by the mountains and the sea was hacked by the partition with Pakistan in 1947.
It's about letting it happen.
All of that is necessary, but we still have huge amounts of problems to overcome.
- What happened down there?
What's the reason behind all this?
Kim Woo-jing is a source of trouble for you and me both
( Huffs ) That's why he's King.
- Fulda.
Let me explain something.
He's also 12. He's a wonderful kid.
The media plays an important role in developing our relationship with political change, mainly by ignoring politics and focusing on celebrities and scandals, but even when they do talk about important political issues, they do it in a way that I feel discourages engagement.
That's it. You can see the end.
Stand back!
For women, when we show them films in which they are heads of state or where they are lawyers and doctors and in leadership positions, we talk to them and encourage them to step into those roles.
I mean, don't you know anything?" And I said, "No."
If there's a misunderstanding, then let's sit down and clear it.
I have the package.
Virginia, about an hour north of Bristol.
Server: May I help you, sir?
What are you all doing here?
So, security is two different things: it's a feeling, and it's a reality.
What's wrong with you?
This is the Monday morning sales meeting, where the team hand in their weekly orders.
Babri Masjid -- one of the most beautiful mosques in India, built by King Babur, I think, in the 16th century -- was demolished by Hindu activists.
Get off of me!
And we protect family.
(Laughter) The second observation I'd like to make is we need to face the truth that governments and corporations aren't going to solve this issue for us.
We did it at the Manifesta art exhibition that took place here in Zurich recently, not with students in the lab at the university but with the real population, like you guys.
In fact, a growing number of academics and practitioners have concluded that neoliberal economic theory is dangerously wrong and that today's growing crises of rising inequality and growing political instability are the direct result of decades of bad economic theory.
For the rest of us, here they are.
[ BILLY HANGS UP ]
- I'm here on orders from Commander Mohnke.
It's important.
We have now identified the key individuals to target.
And so, when you study it, you realize that different people of the world have a different understanding of the world.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I have no idea how they know these things, but I do know that I am eternally grateful that they've guided me once again.
Sir, you cannot except to not take preconceptions, you could be carrying some kind alien pathogen.
But now, I'll make sure he is would never heal.
I told you I'd be in touch, Scott.
Listen to me, Weinselstein.
What eyes, what looks..what personality.
The doors are locked.
It says three times a week, baby?
Pandas on three!
Reading the newspaper -- it never has to be outdated.
It didn't matter that we were selling our windows for practically cost, to Walshy's barely-educated eye, business was flying.
Cathy:
And when they teach us a lesson, they do it via the body.
Get out!
And one renamed the months of the year including after himself and his mother.
LISTEN TO ME VERY CAREFULLY.
There are so many here, can't you take care of my brother?
You're married to Eva Braun's sister, so you're "related" to the Führer.
There are 200 million Tweets being posted every day.
The last one I've got.
Look where it lists the new company directors.
Giovanna's network is known to reach well beyond Europe.
But maybe we discovered that the Fountain of Youth is actually within us, and it has just dried out.
And today, they are with you in Long Beach.
And in mentoring youth, he started to see his own mistakes and possibilities in the teens.
- NO, YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
If they are aligned properly, when you're standing up, you should be able to draw a straight line from a point just in front of your shoulders, to behind your hip, to the front of your knee, to a few inches in front of your ankle.
(Laughter) And I'm sure she also remembers that encounter somewhere.
Open fire!
I'm sorry.
What's that?
Really.
Today's hyper-anxious youth are not being helped by overly protective parenting.
(Chattering in French)
(Horn Blaring)
To Doug and Tracy.
I'd like you to know that I agree with every word you said.
This is just for the United States of America.
- Were you up all night working on that line, you smart arse prick?
I catapulted out of the front screen door and threw myself on a fresh carpet of grass.
Malaysian Police is trying to hunt me down
Don't be daft.
I'm flying high, up in the sky, but I've got a funny feeling that I'm falling
- Like in a notebook.
Oh, about five hours, I guess.
Wikipedia has used thousands of volunteers to create a free encyclopedia with a million and a half articles in 200 languages in just a couple of years.
Mr. Speaker, we have confirmation of ground impact.
Hey, did you hear Stancroft...
And by "pattern," I mean a connection, a structure, some regularity, some rules that govern what we see.
(Laughter) And I'm bawling, I'm crying, like a little kid.
My apologies.
I'm so happy for you.
Of course, it got much better after that.
Some pay the price for it.
I'm the in-house therapist.
The really amazing thing here is that the government awarded them the contract in the first place, without making sure they had the capital to cover these costs.
- Let's find her.
It turned out that next act was to build a company telling people what stuff costs in health care.
13,000 girls studying here in the rooms underground, full of scorpions.
Or actively trying to avoid it.
You wouldn't have picked my brother Yancy and I for heroes.
In fact, only six percent of assaults reported to the police end with the assailant spending a single day in prison.
And they were all eager to learn so they could finish the game as well.
(Laughter) Literally.
Maybe I messed up, either way it's too late for us.
- Want me to help you?
Scott Lang.
I want to buy Okja... alive.
Hey,hev!
We knew that one day, the whole world would see that.
What have you been doing?
Everybody's gonna know what we did.
And the first things that you can see from this graph is, if you look at the blue data points, which are the mechanically ventilated air, they're not simply a subset of the green data points, which are the outdoor air.
One must also pray, fool.
In Vegas.
- None of us will ever father sons--
It's all a massive success.
Back in 2006, as a winner of the TED Prize, we granted you a wish, and you wished the world would create this pandemic preparedness system that would prevent something like this happening.
This is in Cambodia, rural Cambodia -- a fairly silly arithmetic game, which no child would play inside the classroom or at home.
Is that one the best?
- There's probably no one home.
Take him into custody, general.
However, this city was blessed in the late 1990s with a highly-influential mayor named Enrique Peñalosa.
Permission to speak freely.
Yes we can. We can do it.
And can we afford not to? Thank you.
You decide when you want to be distracted by the TV, when you want to turn something on, or when you want to go downstairs or go for a walk.
(Bono: Yes!) Andrew Mwenda: I can see Bono says he knows the country.
The conservative government was intent on closing it down at the end of the study.
We are inbound from Andy.
( Muttering ) White Walkers.
What disturbs me most is not your lack of respect for my judgment.
I've never been very good at talking about feelings or showing you that kind of affection or support.
I can't stay, madame.
Don't listen to the World Bank, listen to the people on the ground.
Hours in, it began to rain.
15 seconds.
And since then, drug-resistant bacteria have continued to emerge, and so we've been forced to develop newer and newer drugs to fight these new bacteria.
- Tighter!
That was completely unnecessary.
He'd gone even though he was still alive.
♪ AND HER LIPS TASTE LIKE CHERRY ♪
I had high hopes with you.
Both neural handshakes at 100%.
If somebody bothered to tag all of these saints and say who they all are, then my photo of Notre Dame Cathedral suddenly gets enriched with all of that data, and I can use it as an entry point to dive into that space, into that meta-verse, using everybody else's photos, and do a kind of a cross-modal and cross-user social experience that way.
- Have I ever given you a boring show?
And these 22 units -- still, the richest people use most of them.
And in the process, we would be able to provide food and nutritional security to our growing human family.
Cool.
Sheriff Richards.
Is there anything you can tell us about what may have happened last night?
[DOUG CHUCKLES]
I need to speak to you.
So?
What is wrong with you?
.what?
Land ho!
Don't.
But his parents did not notice, and it certainly was not what they had in mind, nor what the counselor had in mind when they were saying how important it is to be an open-communication family.
You...you expected something bad?
This device would automatically send the intended person the letter as an email.
- A tricycle!
They stand for numbers for a particular book.
Then my dad would drive me on Saturdays to a scrap metal recycler where I got paid.
And we can also remember how the pharmaceutical companies were willing to pool their knowledge, to share their knowledge, in the face of an emergency, which they hadn't really been for years and years.
Now, please, just hold your breath for a second.
This is one reality.
You're lucky, because it snow On the day of your pilgrimage.
Where am I?
- or Yale?"
They're all in the conference room with the IRS guys.
How long has he been in bed?
It was total nonsense, and I refused to accept that punishment.
Thanks.
This red cup comes from Rwanda from a child named Fabian.
They would be right half of the cases. But the students are not there.
YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE.
The Big Man cut open two other girls, who died.
How can I say that, car?
Scotty!
Yes, I try removing them.
What can visual thinkers do when they grow up?
- Wouldn't it be easier to just pay them?
- Dirt.
Call the guards, now.
I did.
And that's what really opened the way to major insights from medicine.
"And the godless witch was miserably burnt to death."
We got a penthouse suite with an ocean view that's going to change your life.
At its core, our drug policies are really a social justice issue.
- So?
Two out of five people in the US will develop cancer in their lifetime.
(Laughter) No, but it's true: the Internet has changed the world.
You're killing me.
I sent across 2 samples of Speed
Look at that.
It gives us an environment for risk, for trust, where failing is not a fireable offense.
Acknowledge.
So you put your documents inside, close the lock -- at which point in time the documents get converted to random numbers -- and you send the briefcase to James.
- What do they say about us?
That means Buffalo.
Let's have a look.
that the correct summit -- that all of our students, every high school graduate should know -- should be statistics: probability and statistics.
Here's your coffee.
Somehow, when it comes to mental illness, our ignorance eviscerates all empathy.
(Boat Horn Blaring) (Seagulls Screeching)
I went to Turin in May.
I was respected.
And so people displaced from tasks in the old pie could find tasks to do in the new pie instead.
Perhaps that big?
So is individual change possible?
- So we're saying ironically...
Your brain responds to stressful stimuli by releasing hormones known as corticosteroids, which activate a process of threat-detection and threat-response in the amygdala.
- Yes.
It's not our baby./ Yeah, I gotta side with Stu on this one.
Stop saying company car like it's a flying fucking carpet.
I cannot permit it!
And now we're stuck here till there won't be anyone left on Earth to save.
Not to mention the millions and billions of dollars of funding it takes to go through that process.
You that scared of me already,boy?
In fact, I think my kids will be the first Vikings who will have a hard time growing a beard when they become older.
Jack, that's not the survivor you promised me.
And that code has been encrypted, so let's decrypt it.
Or the man into whose arms you were chased.
Our view of things is so limited that we have to come up with patterns and shorthands and try to figure out a way to interpret it and be able to get on with our day.
Now think of a time you were in intense emotional pain and how desperate you were to stop it.
Though you're angry on him, you still want his soul to rest in peace.
Oh, this hat, they were having a sale at Macy's.
He was bloodrider to Khal Bharbo.
They were looking the next Karmapa, and I noticed they were talking to my mom and dad, and the news came to me that they were telling me that I was the Karmapa.
All units, setting condition orange.
Works every time.
After reading, replying to all and crying over all of these emails, I realized I had so much work to do.
That's so cute.
( thudding stops )
I'd like not to get arrested, but never say never.
Hungry?
In that case, bear in mind three things.
Here.
I invite you to talk about this with me further, and in the meantime, I wish you luck.
Thank you.
History would know Lothar Meggendorfer as -- who else? -- the world's first true inventor of the children's pop-up book.
So therefore, it wants to make really darn sure that there's a meal inside of it before the flytrap snaps shut.
All his furniture is padded.
And we were so disturbed as a family.
We'll be waiting!
Stop, mummy.
Mm, let's close this deal, Vincent.
CA: But people think of plastic as ugly but stable. Right?
Here's your cashier's cheque, sir.
For me, this is the real power of this technology.
That's right.
But the timing was so perfect for their need to get drivers into the system.
We only observed the distribution.
Well?
I'll be with you in just a moment.
That's what Shifu meant.
How dare you set foot on these grounds!
(LAUGHING)
Sir, if we could just come in for a minute.
Father, please sit down.
Just here.
I'm asking you to keep this conversation just between us?
Wait a minute!
You never could resist American muscle.
Come back here!
Turn around and face the Warden.
Who the hell is "they"?
My name is Martin James Walker.
We want every young person in school, learning, training, or age-appropriate employment by the year 2030.
Come see the view.
Just rags tonight.
Don't make me go over there and make you team pussy.
Lucas, do know how many people are in my employ?
I used to feel the same way.
Glasses or cups, whatever it was upside-down.
- I'm not going anywhere.
(Laughter) How cool is that?
The blast.
What are you doing, Jonathan?
Left untreated, anxiety in early childhood can lead to depression by adolescence.
Just watch.
Carly, come on.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I said, "Solomon, I'm completely with you on this one.
I think I mastered chi.
It's just the inside.
Think of the surface of a trampoline: it warps and stretches with gravity.
♪ BUT I'M SURE... ( match strikes )
Now...
I thought you wanted the special 1 hour.
You'll discover compassion and also slowly a relative compassion, and slowly, perhaps if you get the right teaching, you'll discover compassion is a dynamic manifestation of the reality of yourself, which is oneness, wholeness, and that's what you are.
Global home care is growing 10 percent year over year.
You put water into a bottle, it becomes the bottle.
And -- (Laughter) And they don't leave their communities in search of greener pastures.
A double of...
If that's what it takes.
You don't hear about lion attacks, there aren't a lot of lions around.
together, can we... can we...
Wake up Sparrow.
(PLANE APPROACHING)
Because now there's no occasion to take a leave.
(Applause) (Applause ends) Chris Anderson: Do I understand this right?
I'm a digital creator, I make things specifically for the internet.
So I thought that if I could just mess up one of your things, just one thing, it would be enough so it wouldn't work out the way you planned.
Gonna have to throw it to the other side.
With 1-6 magnification.
Get these prisoners to work.
In our Western cultures, it means eradicating or reversing a disease, but in different cultures, for example, a culture from Asia, from the Mediterranean, from Latin countries, from Africa, it can mean many more things.
But so many women came forward, and it made me realize what I had done meant something.
Meet in the middle.
Why didn't you tell me this before?
This is really cool, John.
Nothing?
Labonair blood is her Achilles' heel.
This awareness has the power to transform medical care for men and women.
That's somehow the essence of something.
And like its cousins on the north shore, it's aiming to live for 1,000 years.
That's great, fantastic.
It was and still is one of the worst droughts in living memory.
So that's it?
Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me.
This has made it something that everybody wants to learn.
You're not Jackson, and you don't deserve to wear his face.
Do you know what I think?
The three hundred lobster from Maine.
Jack.
I'll need it when I go to America.
- Yeah.
I'll kill her.
What happens when you grow up?
Following are some of the positive cases from different states as reported in media.
Taking tea is what the British do, when they're in a difficult circumstance.
"Que?" Which means "what," and so much more.
You ever thought about that?
♪ yes, I'm leaving in the morning ♪
These are two magnets.
Show him that frame.
What pattern do you see?
Millions were suffering, but few spoke, and it was the most scary thing when you have all around such people who kill and who flog, and you speak for your rights.
And this is how we develop our ideas.
Delivery service?
But also to give myself a lot.
FALCON".
Daenerys of House Targaryen.
And follow you down to the house of death.
Did the appearance of Danny's imaginary friend....
They shall drown in their own blood!
They love them!
I'll give you an analogy.
-Yep, just backing' up.
Riz, let's go.
Why did you bring him back to the city?
(ELEVATOR WHIRRS)
Why don't you call him yourself?
CA: The genes don't care but we do?
People have come from all along the coast and the foothills.
If you're involved in anything that's communal, that involves lots of people getting together, there are things for you in religion.
And in the face of a seemingly impossible challenge, women and girls are a fierce source of possibility.
Neuroscience supports the growth mindset.
But more importantly, it saves lives.
- That's right!
Hey, how's it going?
No. He will have a headache, and probably get a scar, but he will be alright.
We can learn kung fu.
I realized that some people would only listen to me if what I said was in line with what they expected.
It's just one example of how doing a little bit extra, a small modification, still helps everybody be on equal footing, even though you did a little extra just for that one player.
Yeah, I'm a million-mile flier.
Torch it?
It looks like Secretary McMillan.
That is incredible.
Quality of air became better, and we started harvesting seasonal fruits growing effortlessly right in the backyard of our house.
But any week after that, it's totally fine.
Will be executed at dawn. Executed?
Why you so disrespectful to me?
It's an opportunity to truly build a world where we can extend services and products to all human beings, so that they can make decisions and choices for themselves.
3+3 = 6
My Ruger P94
It's all there./ Let him go.
Unsure of yourself.
I think so.
Finally, they were convinced.
It's good to have it on you, rather than on a piece of paper... ..because your possessions might be taken away.
In fact, it's led to the some of the most spectacular new medicines in cancer.
It's not a video blog.
What about that island 3 miles east?
Asshole!
And from what I understand now..
We'II miss you terribly.
I need you to go to Mujinju
Some people worry about our federal deficit, but I, I worry about our bravery deficit.
I'm gonna just give you some space right now.
Give mother the fish.
There's a lot more problems like that -- AIDS, pneumonia -- I can just see you're getting excited, just at the very name of these things.
She said, "KINDLY COMPLY WITH MY BANKERS INSTRUCTIONS.
Now, a total eclipse is visible only along a narrow path, about a hundred miles wide, and that's where the moon's shadow falls.
OK. Let's blow up the atom -- the blueberry -- to the size of a house.
[BURT SCREAMING]
/ Coffee Bean.
You're boring but not that boring.
One of these eases the symptoms of multiple sclerosis; the other one cures a type of blood cancer that we call T-cell lymphoma.
Cooper, you can't ask TARS to do this for us.
- Well, you know...
A PuLi-DDR Presentation ;)
What do you want to do?
Their thoughts, my dreams, all mixed together.
Where are you thinking?
And, as a consequence, the Western view of Africa's economic dilemma is framed wrongly.
And so I decided to try it with my four-year-old.
Jacob has just arrived there.
Now, some of these same social investors are really interested in Africa and understand the importance of agriculture, and they even helped the farmers.
Now, I obviously can't get into my car in the middle of the night and drive 200 kilometers.
(Applause) What I want to do is create an aha moment, for you, for the reader.
Come on, man, let's do it.
I wrote over 300 short stories on that little laptop, and I wanted to get published.
My son, who is 19 now, even now when you say "hello" to him, he just turns around and says, "But bro, I didn't even have a European driving license."
But the Age of Empires is gone.
Looks like you've got close to all of them.
Don't be afraid.
As you probably know, my previous attorney died unexpectedly.
Let her go!
How does a tiger get in the bathroom?
(Laughter) But they're in there, and I'm going to reveal them to you in a minute.
You can't absorb these kind of losses!
- Did you see anything?
To be honest, I'm not here to look for my keys.
Where is this kingdom of yours?
They were working on it independently, and they weren't getting anywhere.
Okay, I have Sparkplug.
And I know some of you are gamers, so I'm going to show you some footage of some things that I'm pretty sure I'm allowed to do, from some of our partners.
If we think, for example, of Louis Pasteur, who in the 1860s was asked to study the diseases of silk worms for the silk industry, and his discoveries were really the beginning of the germ theory of disease.
- I'm talking to her!
Today her brother threatened my sister.
You can read?
Martha won't die tonight.
- Damn swede.
But only one leader of the free world.
What's she doing?
Its important that he dies, no rule that you must kill him, right?
Perhaps you don't want to hurt them after all.
Get it off!
And he said, "Well there's 2,000 physicists on Wall Street now, and I'm one of them."
It's intimidating and impenetrable, and it's hard to tell there's something human underneath.
- No, I'm being serious.
I need you.
We realized that the most convenient way to highlight the presence of the probiotics, and hence, the presence of the tumors, was to get these bacteria to produce a signal that would be detectable in the urine, and so we specifically programmed these probiotics to make a molecule that would change the color of your urine to indicate the presence of cancer.
Snotlout, what are you doing?
It was all me, James.
"why?"
Thanks, I think.
Thanks for your time, folks.
Wherever he was, she would find the box's owner and give him back his treasure.
When she asks you of this year, your daughter, whether your offspring or heir to your triumph, from her comforted side of history teetering towards woman, she will wonder and ask voraciously, though she cannot fathom your sacrifice, she will hold your estimation of it holy, curiously probing, "Where were you?
Don't...
It's an art at the frontier between art and science.
I told him, "Look on the bright side.
Why couldn't Bassem have found work?
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
I'm going to talk about the overall value of a company -- its valuation -- and I'm going to talk about its margin.
About half the chemical energy is converted into electricity, and the remainder into heat, which is used to break down limestone into lime and carbon dioxide.
We had a hundred years to move from farms to factories, and then 60 years to fully build out a service economy.
It's going to cut right across Harlington, which is next door to Sipson, which is going to get demolished if the 3rd runway plans go ahead.
You should.
-It's good to see you, my friend.
Oh, I know just how much
You had a gun! It's a phone, it's a phone.
How am I?
Find, it bastard!
I've been trying to make an urgent phone call up there but the operator said that the phone lines are down.
Can I tell you something?
What a wonderful day to be alive.
-Sir.
On this stage, in this room.
(STAMMERING) Look, I'm sorry.
Pay now or forever regret missing out in this experience of a lifetime, guys.
Jim, how you doing?
This cat has nothing to do with the animal.
We asked him if he would send his daughters as well as his sons.
You let Woodburn just shotgun, it all over the internet.
What's up, man?
You can view yourselves from the outside.
They want to learn digital technology and green technologies.
What's going on in that city?
Nothin'.
We used to work together.
I would sit on my favorite bench downtown and watch as the hours passed by until I could sneak in a few hours of sleep on couches, in cars, in buildings or in storage units.
They'll spend a day or two with each department.
What exactly are these things?
So they claimed that Africans were biologically inferior and destined to be slaves, making great efforts to justify this theory.
You comfortable, Mr. Skinner?
Any how... I remember my father on seeing you, uncle, I felt sharing with you would reduce my burden.
Our next plan
Amber and I bonded over our battles with lupus.
In fact, it is just the opposite.
Lower the storm doors!
- Yes, madam
- What? Look what a mess!
No, it's so quiet.
"All identity is experience," I thought.
Put another way, media is increasingly less just a source of information, and it is increasingly more a site of coordination, because groups that see or hear or watch or listen to something can now gather around and talk to each other as well.
Because triangles are the only rigid structures.
Steal for her a painting.
You're gonna need to signal the crazy ants to blow the servers, retrieve the suit, and exit the vaults before the backup power comes on.
Yeah, something like that.
How she is able to tell these people where she -
Some of them committed suicide.
- WHICH MEANS?
We'll well over 12,000 talents on wood alone for the fleet.
Alvin, please think about what you're doing.
And I'll make sure all of your friends meet you in prison.
Record-breaking.
Chemo brain presents itself through memory loss, an inability to concentrate and an inability to solve problems.
They don't value me anymore.
Why did you even want me in on this?
It turns out that corporate West Africa also appreciates what's happening with our students.
..we have to nab him immediately.
Alrighty.
Greenpeace came back to the site and thanked Reddit for its participation.
I ran for Congress.
Whoa! Astrid!
I have a husband.
I want to get home?
It seems to me I already got my boys committed elsewhere?
Arming device.
Now he done it.
Now, it's not enough just to tell a story.
The first one for me was when I was entering kindergarten.
We find tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands.
If you don't believe me, think about how you got here.
And it finally happened, so ...
But what really, I think, makes the High Line special is the people.
So tell me, sweet sister, how do we go home?
Look at this crowd.
I'm interested in what I like to call the "triple bottom line" that sustainable development can produce.
I'm at the hotel and I still have a lot to go through.
No, not that door.
It's fucking jammed!
Give me full scalar (?
You did not.
You've been rescuing them.
What did someone say that could convince you?
All right, hold your horses!
So this is serious.
Preheat the oven to 350 grease and flour a 9" x 13" cake pan and then pour the batter into the pan.
It turns out I wasn't the only Cachet boy looking to branch out into showbusiness.
I don't see what was difficult about them.
Capsule safety systems in the past have been like tractor pullers, and the reason we didn't want to do that is that puller needs to come off before you can safely reenter that capsule, so we wanted to eliminate, in design, that possibility of failure.
It was the most awesome moment of revelation that when you ask kids to use their own voice and ask them to speak for themselves, what they're willing to share.
The problem is, once you do, you will find that each agency codes their addresses differently.
And then she would simply put her hand out and say, "Can you give me some?"
- I wanted to enjoy life like you.
Shall I come... to Golconda?
Could we have instant translation for young people, so that you could get a good education in your own language, anywhere in the world?
And when this savior character actually comes to Earth, we want to make him abide by our rules?
And so here we are.
A pollution officer came for a site inspection, and after that, the company started running an air filtration system it was supposed to have been using all along.
Flag, get her out of here.
No, the truth about you...
Let's go./ Really?
Our women said, "We don't want a PIN number.
MALE REPORTER: (ON TV) Violence continues across Pakistan in the capital of Islamabad following the assassination of President...
You loved playing with fire, so did I.
We're looking at building on some of the most precious resources of Africa: people.
And what they wish they'd had in college is pretty simple; they wanted a website, one they could use at the time and place that felt safest to them with clearly written information about their reporting options, with the ability to electronically report their assault, rather than having the first step to go in and talk to someone who may or may not believe them.
You hear me?
What I didn't appreciate at the time was that work was about to play a huge role in my treatment and recovery.
Dr. Pym?
In the end.
When I first saw his picture, I thought that his superpowers came from his super collar.
So we just put her in bed and waited.
If more people, as a collective, decided to de-arrest people, then less people would get arrested and the police would find their job much harder.
But what I can tell you is that we're not going to make any progress towards understanding the human brain or human diseases until we figure out how to get at the electrical activity of neurons in healthy humans.
And do you know who links them all? - Him.
Excuse me, coming through!
Dad, don't listen to him.
And at the heart of our challenges -- (Applause) At the heart of the challenge is to reconstitute our sense of ability and of intelligence.
You will train them yourselves.
What's in my pocket?
For the past week, you've made every kind of excuse not to touch me and now that the moment's come, you resort to some insane fantasy...
So I think the way forward for the world -- one that will bring the path of outer development in harmony with the real root of happiness -- is that we allow the information that we have to really make a change in our heart.
Dad just abandoned us!
What India was doing, though, was benchmarking itself against the best in the world, and it became a huge brand.
Actually, we got to really know each other.
Look at this.
You should be whipped for that!
Richard Stoker and Halley Smith have been missing since last Monday... after failing to return from a weekend of rock...
And I was an artist.
In Mongolia, the National Post Service have adopted the system and are now doing deliveries to many people's houses for the first time.
Technology is transforming the face of food vulnerability in places where you see classic famine.
Art can create an analogy.
He flew here and there, looked very happy.
Move on!
This is why I went to Afghanistan.
Scott, I met with my captain today.
The system is also smart enough to figure out the safest way to operate the car.
They gave a new life to your daughter.
I feel bad?
And if you really want to see the difference, you look at the toilet over here.
A man pays his debts.
Stick with you.
I say, "Yeah?"
Then, a couple of hundred years ago, there was innovation in two-way communication, conversational media: first the telegraph, then the telephone.
He explained that civility spread, patient satisfaction scores rose, as did patient referrals.
Three o'clock!
And you know what?
This is about all mankind.
Flint and Snake Eyes.
He goes into the synagogue. "God, will you please help me?
Take one small step to shed light on this darkness because I've seen what darkness can do.
Kang killed himself.
Hank, this serum that you're making, it doesn't affect abilities, right?
- Our bank!
WAYNE TOWER DEVASTATED YOU LET YOUR FAMILY DIE
He's got to be there.
That is what a language can get you.
I want to bring one down to send a message straight to the top.
I wish you a son.
They sense their neighbors.
Hypnotherapy will work.
I will be in my office, darling.
Without it, humans experience serious fatigue and weakened bones that can cause a condition known as rickets.
Mother dear was in the garden busy breaking up the soil, and I sat beside her, playing with mud pies in the flower bed.
You have baseball caps, huh?
God, the one who rules the entire universe, wants my bread?"
I mean, north is south, south is north and we need to bear due north across the sea.
It makes for a better meal.
Please call 911.
It's time for my final disappearing act.
Let's call his cell.
One is asking for angur -- one is, say, an Englishman -- one is asking for eneb, and one is asking for grapes.
He's a wizard on that laptop.
I'll put that in the letter.
"Than facing fearful odds"
Who, me?
Sir, I need to call the hospital.
It's the largest company in Tanzania.
All right, how about this one?
Movement in the breach.
I hope you find your son.
Come on, Saru.
What's it dad?
Are you a gambling man, Simon?
So, that krypton can live again, on earth.
Mr.President,areyou all right?
That's what it was supposed to be.
He made me swear a vow.
If you can get word to my family...
And they should have made sure of it.
The problem is -- and I learned this from the research -- that you cannot selectively numb emotion.
You'll see.
(Laughter) And what we said, my mother and me, "Thank you, industrialization.
You could say that it's made America's relationship with immigrants complicated.
Lisa Dazols: I had similar notions.
Look at you.
Check the camera near my aunt's hospital.
Dementia, diabetes can alter the spectral coloration of our voice.
And it's deep and dark and cold, and the pressures there are enormous.
Ugh!
Hands in the air. "
Wait a minute!
I'm not the boss here...
(Laughter) Well, nothing would happen because I'm not a physicist; I don't understand string theory.
Why hasn't he yet called me?
Take me from here
He's much worse than these things!
Exactly.
Where is Rahul?
And the sense of suspension.
At Interpol, you were face-to-face with him.
Is it reasonable still to focus on the two-degree path?
- "You love my panties"?
He made my feet like the feet of a deer and set me secure on the heights.
Based on feedback that we gave them, some of our participants told us they're not motivated to exercise any more.
This fall, there is no good harvest.
I've got a desk delivery for a Mr Farrell.
Why is it taking so long?
3 years later...
Look, Cooper, I screwed up.
I just miss him.
The last "A" is Authenticity.
What's in the wardrobe, Simon?
I never really thought about the future.
Nothing is resolved with the subsidy.
If we look at systemic racism and acknowledge that it's sown into the very fabric of who we are as a country, then we can actually do something about the intentional segregation in our schools, neighborhoods and workplaces.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm opening it.
Kick his ass!
If you look at the official statistics, they typically indicate a little bit above 30 percent.
And there's a problem.
Why would I sell it to them?
Meeting fakes since morning, so...
If it continues at a more measly one percent, our grandchildren will be twice as rich as us.
How'd that date with Alison go last night, Mr. Choi?
We gotta take out the big one.
- Easy, boy.
Even the horoscopes are a perfect match.
I'm no hero.
Home hospice does have an aura of being a beautiful environment to die in.
I'm afraid it's advocaat, sir.
There are three words that explain why I am here.
Andy being gone.
I said, "You make your own groups of four.
I cannot delay it any longer.
And it tries its hardest to help us change our behavior, to help us stop smoking, to help us stop eating that second, that third, that fourth cookie.
Come on, we all suspected.
Erik, release them!
The fucking thing won't start.
He robbed every bank in Australia at least once.
Follow!
Where to?
Are you coming?
On the other hand, we kids still dream about perfection.
When I was nearly done with my PhD, I got bitten by that entrepreneurial bug.
You dont want me owing you.
He will marry her in the spring, during Dionysus' Festival and when her first son is born her sweet uncle Attalus will convince Philip to name the boy his successor with himself as regent.
One day my wife came home from work and summoned the courage, through a lot of tears, to have a very honest conversation.
And they are over here on this side. Quite an overlap between Africa and OECD.
The bodies of plankton's ancestors actually make up a for lot of the carbon we burn today.
- We'll be right there!
And he said, "Yeah." He said, "But that's if you're a radar.
Along with the emergence of hip-hop, African-American social dance took on even more visibility, borrowing from its long past, shaping culture and being shaped by it.
So this is fascinating, because one day, in addition to the effects that antibiotics have on antibiotic-resistant bacteria, which are very important, they may also be degrading our gut microbial ecosystems, and so one day we may come to regard antibiotics with the same horror that we currently reserve for those metal tools that the Egyptians used to use to mush up the brains before they drained them out for embalming.
Because I'm sure she's very upset.
I still love her.
You know that casino I was telling you all about?
(Laughter) And I was like, "Okay."
I really ought to be going.
Negative, Flint!
Then, one night, a dragon broke into our house... finding you in the cradle.
Three days.
I'm gonna start counting here..
Well, you got a problem then, don't you?
Boys' brains are being digitally rewired in a totally new way for change, novelty, excitement and constant arousal.
I have to have your autograph.
Perhaps a bit of lunch.
Random access brain impulse triggers.
Whatever.
Now we have a fight!
For the blossom soon will fade
I have that right here.
You Okay?
My luck turned at Ranaghat, at long last.
Smiley's Oriental Cure-All.
Put it in the bag!
- I don't know if children look younger.
What about Lexi?
So long.
Please get this man a gun.
Don't ever mention money to me again, you sorry son of a bitch!
So, on April 23 of 2013, the Associated Press put out the following tweet on Twitter.
45 kilowatts of panels on the roof.
A flash drive.
What the fuck happened last night.
And so what we do is we buy these drills that have a potential capacity of thousands of hours of drill time, use them once or twice to put a hole in the wall and let them sit.
MAN: (SINGING) When leaves begin to die
Launching a spy plane.
- And Tom.
Bring the girl.
But imagine the impact on a family: if the parents can be employed and make sure that their children go to school, that they can buy the drugs to fight the disease themselves.
Through the Freedom of Information Act, I learned that the counter-terrorism unit has been monitoring my articles and speeches like this one.
Cool thing number two, you can grow any type of tissue out of them: brain, heart, liver, you get the picture, but out of your cells.
did you do that?
How are you enjoying your tour?
Just giving the people what they want.
A scapegoat is waiting for me.
Don't even look at it.
And most troubling of all is that only 20 percent of Syrian refugee children are in school in Lebanon.
You see it's my bicycle.
Tell me, Lucien.
"We've got to throw the long ball."
So this is how the page looks like.
It's all good down here.
And those fluctuations were stretched to astronomical sizes, and those fluctuations eventually are the things we see in the cosmic microwave background.
The West Wing.
Scared and mortified, I listen, listen as I prattle on about the flotsam and jetsam of the day; listen as I confess my love for the president, and, of course, my heartbreak; listen to my sometimes catty, sometimes churlish, sometimes silly self being cruel, unforgiving, uncouth; listen, deeply, deeply ashamed, to the worst version of myself, a self I don't even recognize.
So here is my point: Not investing in refugees is a huge missed opportunity.
Veena with his intestines.
Look at this.
Puppies?
Already 2:00?
In Kenya, 89 percent of people who come out to their families are disowned.
But if I do it again, I would.
-Maggie!
Thank you very much.
Right behind you, Stoick!
I don't get it.
You did pull out your own tooth.
And I moved from my home state of Indiana to Boston, where I was working in the lab of Dr. Francine Benes, in the Harvard Department of Psychiatry.
plus Secret Service feels it should be their show.
- Hello, Rojine
- YOU THINK I WON'T?
Same for you, boyses?
It keeps me awake.
This is his 3rd year, he needs to study for 18 subjects.
I know this, but I beg you not to kill this lady.
Hidden river, interconnected with the mysticism from Gibraltar to India.
The craft he arrived in, where is it.
You better slow down, turbo.
But today, more than three million girls are in school in Afghanistan.
How can someone view him as a hero when he sees himself as garbage?
We will deploy cameras and samplers on smart robots to patrol the depths and help us track the secret lives of animals like salps.
No. Look, we can't do that.
Now, this is a moment where you probably feel very guilty about what you just did.
Our most happily partnered men and women reported, in their 80s, that on the days when they had more physical pain, their mood stayed just as happy.
And what you can do is just, if you give it a twirl, well they just keep going on.
At the end of our conversation, Derrius asked me if he could have the T-shirt.
My picture appears on the front of the CD -- (Laughter) But the conductor doesn't make a sound.
He's working with Shaw.
I've never met the man.
And that's how she escaped from Waller.
I can't go any faster.
But I need you.
This also matters very much for peacemaking and peacebuilding.
(Underwater plunge) Adding the overhead mic, it sounded a bit like this: (Water splashes) So now they took the sound and pitched it one octave down, sort of like slowing down a record.
I began photographing and making images, and I tucked away that contact sheet that I made of my pregnant belly, and then you inspired me to create a new piece, a piece that said, "A woman taking a place from a good man," "You took the space from a good man," and then I used that language and reversed it and said, "I made a space for a good man, you."
There's no cash, no jewelry, nothing?
- Are not!
You know how much strength it takes to rebel?
We both are not married.
Your mom might even buy it.
So he designed and went and started a village science program.
What's in your bag?
It you scare them, they respect you and they listen to you.
And the test that we use to determine if someone is at risk for a heart attack, well, they were initially designed and tested and perfected in men, and so aren't as good at determining that in women.
He invented a language for patterns in nature.
But ultimately I believe that is a good thing.
Yes, you can!
Standard Chartered has brought in 140 million.
I wrote a whole book about it. So I live to listen.
You have to deal with sandstorms and snakes and scorpions, and it's very difficult to find good fossils there.
Look, just talk to me, get my mind off it.
You two secure the entrance.
That means there was a place for a professor of international health and for my course.
Yeah, very happy-
Have you ever been hypnotized before?
But I didn't care. It didn't matter. It didn't matter.
And so it turns out that there is a nerve that's right here that runs up here that innervates these three fingers, and it's close enough to the skin that we might be able to stimulate that so that what we can do is copy your brain signals going out to your hand and inject it into your hand, so that your hand will move when your brain tells your hand to move.
So how is that possible?
So 24 hours before my interview, a friend of mine who I've known all my life called and said, "Michele, the building you're going in has steps."
I found a village. It was called Kallikuppam in southern India.
This enormous need of migrant workers has powered fast upgrade and innovation across the country's transport systems.
And it was the same -- learning by rote -- from primary school through graduate school.
I didn't get invited either.
Meanwhile, on a bench in Villette Square,
Where else?
Practically had to be rebuilt from the ground up.
Ready and step.
The lawyer has the key.
Solomon, today is your wedding.
Some astronomers focus their time and energy on finding planets at these distances from their stars.
I agreed to take Robbie on his school trip.
The school year in the United States is only 10 months.
I cannot live without you...
And Turkey, smaller fly than here.
Got held up.
If you can count to four, and you can misspell the word "honk," you're going to remember this for the rest of your lives.
But make sure you come for your checkups every day.
I called my brother and laughed about "Oyibo" people -- white people -- and their strange diseases -- depression, ADD and those "weird things."
Um...
Okay, I saw that coming.
Like if someone's been released from jail after 8 years... so what should he read?
First of all, I couldn't figure out how to get a nanoparticle ink into a printcheck cartridge without spilling it all over my carpet.
The trident be all that can save him now.
At age four, I found a garden, living underneath the kitchen floor.
The reality is that, you know, from my perspective, I think that we're about to encounter that again.
Wrong room, miss.
A six-monther adores the task.
One or two days at most.
That was like-
Just bury me under a beautiful tree In my two yards of space...
Sideface?
That's why I brought her.
Puppy Co.
- Dr. Swann...
Andy.
No. No.
So, I think decoding this can probably bring answers to most developed countries including the U.S., and maybe Obama's ratings can go up again.
Now it's exploded.
Oh, we are not prepared for this.
I will not kill for you.
- Ah, I didn't.
Wi-Fi and mobile technology are growing rapidly, and they should play a role in boosting surgical provision.
'Cause I know exactly how much traveling money I brought with me, boy.
It doesn't divide by three.
I met a young man named Emeka, who'd been paralyzed playing football.
Please take me back!
B-A is ba.
Sarah?
And they have a fight and an argument because -- "I want grapes." "I want eneb. "I want angur." -- not knowing that the word that they're using refers to the same reality in different languages.
Well done today.
Not as your king,
Where's Lady Eboshi?
HERMANN GÖRING was sentenced to death but committed suicide in prison before the execution was carried out.
Get me facial recognition on everyone in that video now.
Here it is.
You like the name?
The Yellowjacket.
You cunts.
Vincent, look he's not here.
It was incredible.
You can use this in listening, in communication.
Somebody always breaks down crying.
Words!
. ♫ Nobody knows your heart ♪ .
(SNAPS FINGERS)
You scared me!
Fuzziness overlaps.
But the plot didn't end there.
Did you sell it?
First of all, there is a suggestion of some error.
In fact, on the contrary, I think it's still true of a minority of people.
You're right!
They don't want us.
It's delicious. It's savory.
So we thought it best to bring you in and see what ideas... you might have for dealing with her behavior on the home front.
Could you find her, please?
Heading for Castle Sky.
What's wrong with that?
Research shows that 50 percent of children, almost 50 percent of children diagnosed with autism are actually suffering from hidden brain seizures.
Because we had this auction, you see.
She is very nice and featured with a different name.
Villain!
Hey, you got 10 minutes, and then I'm coming...
(Video) ♫ Spider-Man theme song ♫ (Applause) Thank you.
There's no time, squirt.
(Laughter) (Applause) Thank you very much.
Monkey.
And what about the web?
- Our honor won't allow us to surrender!
Go ahead, 49.
- You fixed her.
Cancer.
Because what we did with these girls is to understand their potential.
Carly, come on!
- Whoa!
- What happens after it crosses?
But in a very unique and special way, I believe these photographs begin to put a face on time.
And I would like to make the case that nuclear fusion will be that point, that the bridge that T. Boone Pickens talked about will get us to.
Come in.
Because the more things that are familiar, the more things my hands know how to do, the more things that I can be happy and busy doing when my brain's not running the show anymore.
Today, the Brooklyn Bridge still stands atop its antique caissons, supporting the gothic towers and intersecting cables that frame a gateway to New York City.
At Free America, we've done a listening and learning tour.
I know, but you might...
Thank you very much.
And here's my card.
Mirando's been disguising it as natural, safe and non-GMO.
I'll be a better somebody when I leave.
Then 30,000 children in Ahmedabad, and growing.
What's the big deal about July '97?
Maybe you'll let me read something then.
Because I owe the taxman 50 fucking grand.
It's an icon, it's what people think of when they think of a pencil and what they think of when they think of school.
We actually have the technology and systems.
A long ago, in era of expansion.
So, this is what SRISTI is saying: "Give me a place to stand, and I will move the world."
Your delay forced my hand.
It's so good.
- Turn this off.
The book is written by an Iranian woman, Shahrnush Parsipur.
See, now, their version, it works cool, but mine, masterpiece.
Oh how will I ever find her?
It's not one of ours.
Most of the men on this ship can't read.
I want to propose that just as we put aside the idea of publicly humiliating failed entrepreneurs, we must put aside the idea that failing fast is always the best.
But when we live in a denser community, suddenly what we find, of course, is that the things we need are close by.
Tremo radio, west Texas.
Your host invites you both to rest, relax, and join him for drinks at 4:00.
Because I have to show you one of the other facilities.
How much were you thinking of putting in?
Don't let them take me away,
How about taking me for a walk after you finish your breakfast?
You just don't impress me as the type of person that would be satisfied with a man like that.
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
I'm not obliged to tell you.
I should tell you that my voice is fairly low and normal speed.
Listen, I'll be completely straight with you, if your sales figures and your references back up what my gut tells me about you, then this interview is already two minutes too long.
I know why I made the decisions I made, and I'm happy with the results.
- You go!
I'm scared if I do this, you're gonna pick a fight.
My brother's soul is in that pendant.
Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen.
You hear me?
- To give these people cities?
- I know.
I had to quit looking for the fast road to relief.
Their affinity group joins others so they can move en masse to the target.
Let me ask you a question.
Come, Attalus, leave some damn air in the hall!
If you've ever seen a human brain, it's obvious that the two hemispheres are completely separate from one another.
I won't, Mom.
I'll spare your life.
[woman #2 speaking native language] woman:
We, as global citizens, now have a unique opportunity to accelerate large-scale positive change around the world.
They were hunters.
There's an actual coverage cap on the insurance, that means that there's really literally like, a limit to how much you can spend on Rosie per month for her medical?
Pilot, bring it down.
Wait here. I'll be right back.
We need backup for Bernard.
At the farmers' market back in Jefferson.
I tried to impress my new wife by offering her a packet of sanitary pads.
We'll send them a message.
And you'll have a lifetime supply of good drugs.
Saving their souls is too costly.
Projections are that their populations will expand as the ocean warms to 30 percent larger by the year 2100.
One has to discover a certain bigness in oneself.
Just forget it.
There's time enough to die.
Not you, fat Jesus.
What are the trends?
Let him do as he likes.
But humans are curious, and they like to add things to their bodies so they can go to the Alps one day and then become a fish in the sea the next.
Kal-El, it is.
There was massive flooding in Indonesia.
- Even if we got out successfully, I'd only be escaping one trap to fall into another.
Help speak up for them, and help demand a cure.
Don't think I've ever seen that one.
That's a painting of a circle.
We gotta move.
(ALL LAUGHING)
They've got no outside police, apart from intelligence officers, but loads of German police dogs.
I want to be very clear,
If your little daughter says that I'm her hero..
It's a bit more animated, more visual and also faster -- it's a race.
That's more our speed.
-Give me the bat.
So let me complicate things.
Can't stay broke Gotta get respect
God will not forget us.
The administration realized what we were doing.
It's safe.
It's just...
You know that I am the Way the Truth, and the Life.
You were in the Navy, right?
But the financial systems designed to fund that innovation, venture capital, they haven't evolved in the past 20 to 30 years.
It's awful.
That's how you know a man.
- You didn't see what we saw!
I want to see my children.
He's in love with you?
Social lines are barbed wire.
And you are?
Now, when we tell this story of the 1929 Crash, that's usually the formula that it follows -- that there was a shock and it induced a wake-up call and that produced a leap to a safer place.
You may enter.
Look at those police horses.
But as evening drew in, a bunch of uninvited party-poopers gate-crashed.
Another service right now is called 1,000 Memories.
We must come up with a plan
So just as we manage national parks, where we promote the growth of some species and we inhibit the growth of others, we're working towards thinking about buildings using an ecosystem framework where we can promote the kinds of microbes that we want to have indoors.
..who caused the bomb blasts in India.
The Purple Purse has coined financial abuse "the invisible weapon," because visible abuse leaves bruises and scars but financial abuse doesn't.
And even if we are able to find online criminals, quite often there is no outcome.
Broken in some parts detected the process of reconstruction began.
May I remind you that I answer directly to M.
He's... he's put a price on your head.
A blood vessel exploded in the left half of my brain.
Ebola on one person's doorstep could soon be on ours.
completely changed 180 degrees.
And if this keeps up... there might not be enough pie left for babies.
Just because you can't see something does not mean it's not there.
Come, max.
But if you're not a native speaker, you have to pass a test.
The drug you give to your patients that stops the cancer cells multiplying also stops the newborn neurons being generated in their brain."
I find it decidedly inconvenient that the gun was never found.
Your exit interview is over!
How are you doing this lovely morning?
I don't understand.
[crying] man:
If you or Rahul disturb their happiness in these days, I'll kill him immediately.
- That is called loaf.
And now here's my Venus flytrap, and inside the leaf, you're going to notice that there are three little hairs here, and those are trigger hairs.
They say you killed Joffrey.
First: financial.
Across the world, people are struggling to manage their weight, and there is a variety of strategies that we have to help us keep the pounds off.
And that was the key.
And then more of them got into it, and they became more interested in the project.
So we have no way of validating these particular readings, but if more and more of these readings start making sense, and if longer and longer sequences appear to be correct, then we know that we are on the right track.
Now the other one.
Where are my manners?
Mr. Collignon.
- What do you mean?
These images represent exactly the same ideas.
Just a second.
- Ratboy?
If I give you the letter Q and ask you to predict the next letter, what do you think that would be?
Yeah, so what we'd do if we had you who gave the answer as a participant, we would have calibrated the difficulty level of the puzzles to your expertise.
Is she your girlfriend?
(Laughter) Because it's like the stage is an optical illusion, for some reason.
- What did you do?
It normalizes it.
Get up Rahul!
Taylor Kwon!
I want you to think about it like this: Your child comes into the house to you crying, in tears.
Could he be in a different wing?
12 men on the wall!
West Wing.
Half our systems are offline, sir.
Ask him to take me to that chap
One pod is ejected.
Yeah, you probably should.
Try these tips.
- You can have a small one.
Now there's only one way you're gonna find peace.
I think I ate $1.75.
And here's the second punch line.
- There is no teacher but the enemy.
Well, then.
I hope you all try this method.
Now a lot of people have given up on government.
We bluff.
And this is what you can do with this game.
Although none of you could articulate how it happened.
I'm in. What're we doing?
Yet, while the grandeur of the ice is evident, so, too, is its vulnerability.
- You're buying?
No, I'm going to be your mentor, I'll be Yoda to your Luke Skywalker.
Nah, that's not enough.
You don't like 'em?
Come on, you're making it nervous.
And that you will never have.
You know exactly who you are.
Then every man who's served seven years.
Dad's hurt, so who's gonna be my copilot?
Brother!
So the next time it's your turn to shuffle, take a moment to remember that you're holding something that may have never before existed and may never exist again.
A massive generation of young people are about to inherit our world.
So what time you home tonight?
OK, now imagine that car is 100 trillion miles away, and you want to know the precise color of that fly.
I fucking did it.
Do you want to see me dead now?
- Where are you going?
(CHUCKLES) Yeah, I think so.
They would park there, and the NYPD disagreed with this designation and would ticket them.
JUST TAKE THIS...
They found this cute little place together.
I'm just going to the bathroom, and then I'll be back.
But not in the useless way you did
That's the part where I sold the Volvo and bought the Toyota.
Oh Rama, won't you capture it for me?
It's been a while since I trained.
Stay back!
I have bad dreams, like I'm falling.
Gunshot wound right shoulder.
Here we go!
The animals are ground into fish meal to support increasing demands for aquaculture and for nutraceuticals such as krill oil.
I love the word "fail".
I'm Burt Wonderstone.
Girls who were told they were too sensitive, too much.
- Volturi do not give a second chance.
Would you like some more souffle?
I was right there with you.
Now the second myth, what I call the intelligence myth.
- Why not?
It's science.
Is Brian about?
You put it into a container and it will refrigerate for 24 hours.
Oh, God!
If you don't have a bicycle, nothing doing.
The fall shattered his right arm, broke every rib that he had, punctured his lung, and he drifted in and out of consciousness as he drifted down the East River, under the Brooklyn Bridge and out into the pathway of the Staten Island Ferry, where passengers on the ferry heard his cries of pain, contacted the boat's captain who contacted the Coast Guard who fished him out of the East River and took him to Bellevue Hospital.
Now, how many people are blood type A?
Actually, you look weak.
Because that's a big part of it. There's layers behind each photo.
Where is that old woman's house?
And as we isolated more into culture, we learned that they are different ecotypes.
Follow me.
- What are you thinking about?
(Laughter) JG: So, here's something all four of these videos have in common: They all have more than half a million views on YouTube.
"I'm going to go out and shoot some towel heads.
- ( Pup cries )
(Laughter) But while I was ready for all the physical side effects, what really scared me was this thing called chemo brain.
You haven't been stealing eggs last night, have you?
Agents like him won't be here without backup support, right?
The sea is hard.
We will sequence DNA from the environment in a kind of forensic analysis to figure out which species are there and what they are eating.
I need help.
(Laughter) Back in 1995, towards the end of the war in the former Yugoslavia, they'd been a very ill-tempered speech given by Boris Yeltsin at the UN about the involvement of the Russian Federation in NATO, and then he had a meeting with Bill Clinton, in which some of these same issues were coming up, and it was considered to be, likely to be a bit of a row.
The chances are he'd be released by now.
It's produced by the Quadro Corporation of West Virginia.
And what we're learning is going to shed some light on what the romantic writers and poets described as the "celestial openness" of the child's mind.
Po, I hope you're ready.
No, but she's not leaving until she sees you.
No, that's not true.
ABOUT THE CONVERSATION WE HAD EARLIER.
What if we understood exactly what was on our streets, our sidewalks and our school yards?
And you shot me
We drove to the Goodwill and we threw the sweater away somewhat ceremoniously, my idea being that I would never have to think about the sweater nor see it ever again.
He got killed last year in this covert action that I ordered.
All right, Ant-thony, please don't drop me this time.
Then everything changed.
You should thank me.
Who's the boss?
Well?
I sold 5 medical seats without the office's knowledge.
And if this happened to me, I wondered how I was going to do my job as a lawyer.
I should fucking kill you.
NdeR M@nkÖÖ ™ © P@rM!
Most writers are merely rehashing old stories.
Now, I can't be expected to catch every line of fine print from every letter.
Alai, Bean and Ender!
Like what?
What, you afraid of him?
In fact, they were so rare that elected members of Parliament had the right to allocate 15 telephone lines as a favor to those they deemed worthy.
That's very accurate.
And then one evening after you've accused her of looking at another man...
You know, I could kill you just like this.
I think you're addicted.
Now what happened to that baby?
We must be getting close.
Your father is a hippy.
Come on, come on, we do not have much time.
But I didn't ask for them.
I don't think we know enough yet.
Listen to this.
Argh.
So as a designer, it's absolutely key to have a good understanding of the visual and cultural vocabulary of your audience.
Well, that was definitely the plan.
It doesn't matter.
Jabbar: Aaaahhh!
Understood.
Hey, Mia, you better hide your baby oil.
I told you.
General, we run them covertly, non-attributed.
(Phone Line Ringing)
How can such a good boy be happy in a rogue's family?
War?
Subject:
- Mama. - Yes?
Are you kidding me!
- You will, will you?
And there's a gentleman there with a look of horror on his face.
According to the Danish Police Act, we are to see what's in here and then we will leave again.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
What about the other cars?
Like, just a couple of weeks ago, neuroscientists at MIT figured out how to break habits in rats just by controlling neural activity in a specific part of their brain.
Eighteen fortyfive.
One thing is, you know, you'll be hearing from a guy in the next session who said some time ago that he could sequence the human genome in half no time, and everyone said, "Well, it's obviously impossible."
Another way that Doug made employees feel valued and showed them that he was paying attention is that he handwrote over 30,000 thank-you notes to employees.
So, here I was again with a small team, in uncharted territory, doing "Avatar," coming up with new technology that didn't exist before.
The first domino fell with the murder of the Pakistani president.
Is it wrong for me to touch you?
And what follows is a stream of images, a series of images captured by some of Pakistan's most dynamic and young photographers, that aims to give you an alternative glimpse, a look inside the hearts and minds of some ordinary Pakistani citizens.
The teacher sets the process in motion and then she stands back in awe and watches as learning happens.
That's just how I felt as I had those conversations with the students. I was amazed at the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderland as well.
But it's not just about psychology; it's about economics.
You promised me the leader of the free world.
Okkoto is no fool.
It's a fucking convertible, Carol, the roof's down.
What a woman!
I found him hunched over on the ground in the onesie.
Looks like you failed again, Mike.
This is my two at home, Kendall and Jay.
I threw up on the next passenger last time.
Got it!
You came this far to bring a change in him, right?
When we met in 2006, the average one of these viruses leaping from an animal to a human, it took us six months to find that -- like the first Ebola, for example.
You know her.
But he did have one thing.
You must be cold.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I know more British grandmothers than anyone in the universe. (Laughter) They're called the Granny Cloud.
9..8..4..8..6..7..
And so I made him a golden typewriter through which he could dispense his commands to nephews and nieces around the world as an email.
They're sending a subpoena to the Swiss government.
Almost every leading editorial board in the country has since endorsed our plan, and Fortune 100 companies from a wide range of industries are now getting behind it.
And if you like steakhouses... you'll love Sally's signature steakhouse, Bally's Steakhouse.
This is a UNESCO World Heritage City, Homs, in Syria.
And one day, men on motorcycles tried to kidnap her.
So anyone could download the map, play the game, build the area and submit their creations to the city council.
I'm asking you in the name of God!
When you meet someone here at TED -- and this is the top networking place, of course, of the year -- you don't shake somebody's hand and then say, "Can you hold on for a moment while I take out my phone and Google you?"
Why do you have kids come to school if they no longer have to come there to get the information?
And why would we want to weaponize this material?
The highest ridge is up there.
The second principle is simplicity.
But if I'm going to do this..
Hector.
PM: There is a lot of energy here. Lots of learning.
Factory ships in the open ocean have been vacuuming up hundreds of thousands of tons of small, shrimp-like animals called krill.
All right, come on, I gotta get up there.
You avoid each other.
So how did that happen?
To have an individual engaging in the state level interventions should give us all pause.
Right? Now we should trace it.
After Sapiens, you wrote another one, and it's out in Hebrew, but not yet translated into ...
I had done something terrible And fled to the church to hide.
Pan to the old man!
The next village has booked a very good company
Koba does not.
If you want to see a group of autistic children -- kids who society wrongly thinks are supposed to be antisocial and lacking in empathy -- if you want to see them come together and build the most compassionate and friendly and generous community you've ever seen, the kind of place that people would write about as one of the best places on the internet, they'll do that.
And how did you get all of this?
So she is just one amongst the millions who are blind.
She was big in CORE.
And I walked in and was assigned a three-year-old named Maria.
What be aye heading captain?
I lost my way.
They ended up sending seven units of red blood cells, four units of plasma and two units of platelets.
What are you doing here?
Mount up!
So one of the things I look at is, how did the universe begin and shape?
I've caused enough harm.
Ask him what the Malaysian Police did?
Like...
-You don't?
Harley, I'm gonna be as honest as I can be.
Which could literally be happening any second now.
Rumor that he wants to destroy us all.
I don't know, because I never did it, but I would imagine that it would take a great attitude.
The Manager says you have to work.
So what is the air?
How can you say such a thing?
But there's also this underlying factor of mindset.
Even in popular literature, the only book I've ever found -- and this should be on all your reading lists -- the only book I've ever found that makes the entrepreneur a hero is "Atlas Shrugged."
And this disease would spread from one community to another.
- He's like a god.
And we might be able to help predict what happens next.
Alexander was more, he was a Prometheus, a friend to man.
She's 26 years old.
The same thing happens when people watch magic tricks.
So now you've seen how vital plankton are to our lives and how much we need them.
Get off me!
Given such patterns, here was our idea.
Why, baby?
She shall kill for you.
And this future air has some very sensual qualities.
Joy of Heaven and Earth.
It is regenerative, like nature, reclaiming ruined ground, growing anew.
I'll consider the floods as a boon...
Sunita broke centuries-old caste conditioning in India.
I call that "mental latitude imperialism."
. ♪ Your secret heart belongs to the world ♪ .
Not this.
They're exiting the building.
Please, don't do this.
And at 15, my eight-year-old brother and I, we found ourselves alone and without the guidance that our parents had always provided us with.
Now, the boy soon felt sorry, and they made up.
Right now there are 48 hours of video being uploaded to YouTube every single minute.
Mmm, Dave!
So he went to the Church of Nativity and brought back an old ladder that was so old that it could have seen Jesus being born.
I'll break his limbs and lock him up.
In Taipei, each time we got onto the metro, we saw yet another lesbian couple holding hands.
We know that a million and a half children die a year from diarrhea and a lot of it is because of open defecation.
Well, about 10 minutes before the total solar eclipse was set to begin, weird things started to happen.
This technology enables us to go deeper than we could've imagined even 10 years ago.
Your purse?
As if I've two wives and four daughters.
Honestly, my family and friends were horrified.
Is he still working for the agency?
With its haunting aroma of stale sex and 24-hour pervert hotline,
But the guy, here, on the right, he's doing the stretch.
You're the important one.
So to understand why this was the case, we took our data and put it into an ordination diagram, which is a statistical map that tells you something about how related the microbial communities are in the different samples.
That's great.
I don't wanna see any of these hit the ground!
How about seven hours?
Morning, Mr. President.
I'm looking for my son.
We can meet his parents with this marriage proposal.
I decide that I'm going to get my very own piece of Bazooka bubble gum.
They were responding to immediate concerns.
Where Is The Codex!
(Applause) And now men who kill women in the name of honor receive life imprisonment.
Don't force an image on her, like Benetton did with those Asian models.
Thanks very much.
Drawing down emissions depends on rising up.
- Ready.
No, don't go!
Their brick is part of what we call an affinity group, who will work together for the day.
Home health care is very applicable in prosperous areas but also very much in underserved communities.
There are hundreds of meetups going on in New York City right now, active meetups.
I'm sorry sir, but you're gonna have to sign this document and pack up your things.
So babies absorb the statistics of the language and it changes their brains; it changes them from the citizens of the world to the culture-bound listeners that we are.
See what he's done to my laurel?
My memory has been wiped to protect the security of the mission.
After that every time I used Speed I kept seeing your face
And this is when it really gets interesting.
- You should be grateful, right?
And that's all.
If the Captain finds out...
And, if we had the parts that we've been asking for, we wouldn't be running a skeleton crew down here.
And they're like, "Oh, the design's good, and he's using good color.
"Before I die, I want to live off the grid."
-(GUN COCKS)
(Laughter) If he picks up a book in the bookstore, he can get an Amazon rating -- it gets projected right on the cover of the book.
In East Asia, we have had successful economic growth stories such as Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore.
He has a golfballsized tumor on his frontal lobe.
- What's conceived mean?
Exactly.
And I'm jamming away on this thing, and I'm realizing that my hands look like primitive claws grasping onto the bar.
Get him dressed.
My husband and I used to run an architecture studio in the old town main square.
A young, pretty princess for once.
Where've you been all my life, Sexy Elf?
Now gibbering about pirates.
The only two countries that didn't ratify -- and now there's only one. Australia had an election.
To lift the curse, my left would, too.
We'll be partners, 60-40.
After that, we launched another campaign with scenes of letters on the ground.
- I can't feel my legs.
Shoot them.
I noticed when I wore my creations, people would stop me and say, "Wow, that's really cute. Where can I get one?"
It's that you can see the world as it isn't.
Those are good key results.
- My husband.
That was a very different breed from Hobbs' usual wannabe warriors.
This is not some Age of Aquarius, or Kumbaya statement, this is what a pandemic forces us to realize.
Davina, I'm not asking.
Raleigh, this is Hercules Hansen,
Being aware of the lessons learned.
Machines are becoming devastatingly capable of things like killing. Right?
His theory states that the act of smiling itself actually makes us feel better, rather than smiling being merely a result of feeling good.
Sir, please... please...
And let's get listening taught in schools, and transform the world in one generation to a conscious, listening world -- a world of connection, a world of understanding and a world of peace.
Forbes!
Did Truman gut the White House interior in 1948 or '49?
Just excuse me one minute.
Each night, it grew back again so that it could be eaten the next day.
And in fact, according to Apple, they're not able to even see the text messages themselves.
Eyes bulging, tongues swelling.
Let's put an end to incivility bug and start spreading civility.
It's better.
The other thing that you can do is you can do this -- electroencephalography -- you can put these electrodes on your head, OK?
I want to share a few keys on how you can do that to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is engaging.
Oh Yes.
No dragon can resist the alpha's command.
And I'm here to unveil our latest effort, and most successful effort so far, which is still very much a work in process.
What's that?
Stop it!
But, how'd you know I could?
Help him !
Help.!
- GRAB THIS.
Attention to housekeeping staff.
BAPTISTE:
So if we're going to make lasting and significant progress in the big challenges in our world, we need business, both the companies and the investors, to drive the solutions.
No Shiva, I'll go.
I fucking love this job.
She just knew her mother would say, "No." But she reluctantly said...
All right, then. Oh!
He's going to perform an arthroscopic surgery for us, a keyhole surgery of the knee, and I'd like to disclose that this patient has consented to having their operation streamed.
I don't see the point.
It might take a moment to load.
What can I say?
How about big foot?
This process is identical to the way that a virus spreads through a population.
So they are looking for new skill sets, new competitive advantages.
NOOOOO!
Nothing to talk about, goddamn it!
Think about what you're saying.
The boy should know that you take my things.
Tell the cook to fry up some potatoes.
We are a small fishing tribe situated on the southeastern tip of Long Island near the town of Southampton in New York.
It's been weeks now, me coming here, and-- and, um...
No, Burt, I'll always be your friend.
It costs a lot of money, a lot of time, and sometimes, even when a drug hits the market, it acts in an unpredictable way and actually hurts people.
With you, Anton, who travels a lot.
Cities are transforming. Land is being regenerated.
So, I'm at this art museum with my cousin Ignacio, right?
So you made it so a nurse, huh?
I'm not a national at all.
Oh, and, parents, if you have small children with you you might want to lift them up so they can see better.
Instead, we trained a single network to do all of detection for us.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING BETTER FOR YOU TOMORROW.
- so, you know, best fuck off.
Ayushi's formalities-
For the first time since that first job at 16 years old, I didn't have to be responsible for managing my money.
Are you sore at me?
They'll have you on your knees, you'll see.
Now let's turn to two countries, Country A and Country B.
The rule is: nobody criticizes anybody's ideas.
On 25 March, it was announced that the members of the Government, as well as United States Ambassador to Croatia Robert Kohorst, had given up on their March paychecks for the benefit of the victims.
This your mother?
This was the most important thing.
Young people do not want to be on the farms and in rural communities.
There's no glory without suffering, and this she will not allow.
Now, I'm not saying whether you should take the statin or not.
We have the ability to get the groups of people around us that want to build that dream with us.
- I'm glad you've started.
But of course, that only works when we have both of these components.
Jess, please, can we go back?
(Laughter) But I borrow a lesson that I learned from him.
Those who act too smart her, their wings are clipped.
To your weapons!
You must let me go.
Kush is part of a team of community paralegals that works for environmental justice on the Gujarat coast.
- Give him to me.
Here are the countries closest to the SDGs, with the greatest resources, and they're falling short.
Because it's in the interplay between the two where revolutionary power lies.
Hold that please.
- Maybe.
Talk about getting by with nothing. (Laughter) And this, in many ways -- (Applause) -- is a symbol of the resilience of the Inuit people and of all indigenous people around the world.
A priest?
I'm not the kid you used to know in college.
So in the months and years ahead, global citizens will hold world leaders accountable to ensure that the new Global Goals for Sustainable Development are tracked and implemented.
We'll wait for the settlement.
Mr. President..
President Sawyer is one of those academics..
The first is that in a way, we're the victims of our own success.
Dig!
That's not what I meant.
On the other hand, maybe it's our shared sense of commonality that makes us women.
But in reality, math solved many of my problems.
- You bet.
Especially on these reports of your taking on Eastern ways.
Just because.
The broker you invested with went bankrupt their assets were purchasd by another company, there's no one to file a motion against right now since the broker's in bankruptcy you need to hire a bankruptcy attorney to lift a thing called an automatic stay,
What's your gut tell you.
Jesus Christ!
- What do we get to eat today?
Genuine success is possible in this transition, and genuine failure is possible, too, which makes this the most exciting time to be alive.
- We need to get back to your friends.
Her heart.
Since I spent 24 hours misleæi you were dead.
I can hardly wait.
He said he'd pulled hundreds of jobs?
It feels to me that the platforms that we use to inhabit these online spaces have been designed either ignorantly or willfully to allow for harassment and abuse, to propagate misinformation, to enable hatred and hate speech and the violence that comes from it, and it feels like none of our current platforms are doing enough to address and to fix that.
That don't make you a murderer.
Thank you very much.
It's important that our children understand that loving, caring adults care for them and support them, but it's also important that our children learn to meditate, learn to be peaceful, learn to be centered and learn to interact with the other children in a kind, empathetic and wonderfully loving way.
-We can?
Bartenders, bellboys and cops, you take care of them, they take care of you.
And we feel that AI can help restore the rights and the dignity that many people lose when seeking help.
She frightens people!
Because meetings aren't work.
To be perfectly honest with you,
Well then, we get to 67.
I figure we owe him that much for the beer?
Not yet.
Without it, you're nothing!
John Doerr: That's Andy.
Keep working!
Well, good, because I need you to help me build it.
I see some skeptical faces in the audience.
He's not alone this time, I'll also wage war along with him.
They're bizzarre, they're beautiful, and there's very little we know about them.
That's the power of meaning.
- I'm working.
Just believe her.
So the work example is merely an example of how false ideas can create a circumstance that ends up making them true.
Kai is coming!
Remnants of the scavenger army continue to disrupt the operation. They attack our drones at night, and try to kill me during the day. There's still fight in them, but I don't know why.
Jesus Christ, I'll be dead by then.
Did a young man pass by here?
A Gallup manager said it was the least engaged organization that they had surveyed.
Some kind of whisky nobody's ever heard of.
- I owe you one, Mouse.
We could even have four thumbs together, and the way you win is you're the first person to pin someone else's thumb.
Or should I say, good year, for what a year it's been for the companies and business leaders of Essex gathered here tonight.
So it's really important to think about the action of love overrules as a verb.
There's not a planet in our solar system that could sustain life... and the nearest star's over a thousand years away.
I've known so many.
You're such a fuckin' moron./ Your language is offensive.
(Applause) I spoke to him on Skype the other day, and he was in his new university in Florida pursuing his Ph.D. in public health, and he proudly told me how he was able to raise enough funds from the American public to establish a health clinic back in his village back home.
Bring it!
- Jacob I am here.
You can't pretend that people are just going to touch a computer and become digitally included, you need to have a process.
A few years ago, I got one of those spam emails.
For 100.000 years our civilization flourished.
Square this one away and go get a beer.
And when we do this, what we can do is track to see what happens, not just in their regular lives but in the most demanding circumstances that they may have.
Nothing... nothing... nothing.
Dieing in the gutter.
I'll kill you if you don't give it back!
But my apps are different.
I'm your friend.
Activating everything I can get my hands on.
IT'S JUST NOT VERY BELIEVABLE,
So, with "Terminator 2," which was my next film, we took that much farther.
What's the weather like there?
It is not professor and convict, it is just two minds ready to do philosophy.
We make best couple...
What are we, teeth?
You can't just say it was the best thing for her.
Pick up the Bible since you ain't got no good tact!
But we do expect mastery.
There are millions of people who migrate each year.
And, it worked.
We are in 80 countries now.
Lying to suspects is banned in the UK, for example, but legal here in the US, even with intellectually impaired teens like Brendan Dassey.
We forget vast amounts of what happens to us in life, and sometimes memory is downright creative.
For a guy who cleaned sheets all day he sure liked to make a mess in the afterhours, if you know what I mean.
When you go in these developing societies, women are the pillars of their community, but the men are still the ones holding the streets.
Go in.
I'm going to get one thing out of the way: I am not here to tell anybody what to eat.
On the morning of the stroke, I woke up to a pounding pain behind my left eye.
Erik. Please.
I've got time to take it to the funfair.
[Progress...] But once you start thinking about the progress bar as something that's more about dulling the pain of waiting, well, then you can start fiddling around with the psychology.
The truth is...
That was beautiful.
"I'm ready to kill for this cigarette, for this ice cream."
10 is too young to see such things.
All her attention on me, just me.
This doesn't go unanswered!
You may leave
Every single day.
I will go soon on the mountain.
We're also trying to figure out exactly what antibodies do to the parasite.
And we know that the issue is not just production of food.
And, Bond, you have to find L'Americain.
Ciao.
It's time, Doctor.
Perhaps.
And nobody knows just why this was so, but one story can reflect something of it.
Send everyone at the same time.
and you were wounded in the Kunar province.
Welcome to Games and Recreation.
- Don't touch my camera.
How does it link in?
Y'all want to do that?
It's all over the Web: "Bible Boot Camp."
The pearl will not be taken from me again..
- And now make an army of them?
Language represents specific stages in our lives, and terminology that is linked to our emotions.
Two things never happened again after that.
Now, every time I go somewhere and I give this speech and I make these comments and I provide these examples, people say, "If these ideas are so damn brilliant, why aren't they everywhere?
This is shifting and reflecting functions.
(Panting)
That's not our friend.
If we speed this up by another factor of 10, this is a detector running at five frames per second.
I do not know if I have that she is looking for.
It's hard work.
And the reason why is that we live on a planet that is rapidly urbanizing.
The Russians are just a few hundred meters away.
Now the next voice you hear-- will be Simon's.
Grandma, how old are you?
Are you sure this is the road from that map?
One more thing...
You can start painting on any wall.
Very often, he would be the first person they would see when they opened their eyes in the hospital.
While balancing on the ledge of a three-story building.
ANNOUNCER'. "Holding It In."
No perfection anymore.
Where?
We get this dot dancing around.
Whenever she says anything, I don't feel angry.
Are you new here?
You see, my soon to be ex-husband isn't a well man, Philip.
Get him!
My father was working in the field.
They say Okja was selected as the best pig.
Striker,
I was the kid showing off.
Never see me coming.
Again, working upwards, since the 1960s and 1970s, we've tried, again, desperately to turn off molecules that operate between nerve cells -- serotonin, dopamine -- and tried to cure depression that way, and that's worked, but then that reached the limit.
N8321 ...
Do you want me to tell you why you did it?
That's really happy news!
You can't have them.
One woman searches rubble. One woman feeds on trash.
See, nobody could get near this thing, but the witch could.
I really like the art of Mantegna.
Maybe we can see the road.
And who knows? Somebody will license this technology and develop marketable products, and she would get revenue.
And the idea that we're just animals can be really unsettling, because it can be this reminder of our own mortality.
Pelle, the cognac he poured out was it real cognac?
Rughal: There must be something we can do.
"You can't take tonight off.
That gives me an idea.
But the fact that we have citizens walking around with hard drives picking up data from city agencies to make it public -- it was already kind of public, you could get to it, but it was "public," it wasn't public.
Listen, listen!
Before long the removal team arrive to unglue the guys on the trading floor.
And what SOPA and PIPA want to do is they want to do this.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
Now, I know it's not Trump Plaza, and...
Look ahead!
Tsunamis wiped out what remained.
- What if I needed to pee.
And I should mention that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to please be quick about this."
Why don't you just take over at Cachet?
Once the forge starts to burn, it's all over.
They work in teams of three: two boys and a girl, two girls and a boy, three boys, three girls, no problem.
Then it all changed.
Or, one of the most fascinating tribes I ever lived with, the Waorani of northeastern Ecuador, an astonishing people first contacted peacefully in 1958.
You both look very cute.
So all the changes and reforms we were able to make have shown up in results that are measurable in the economy.
Why does Goliath not react to that?
What, you don't think we made the right decision?
And when this mind-wandering happens, it can be problematic.
As you wish.
Now, once we have reduced an image to a more simple form, all sorts of new connections become possible.
I've always known that there was something different about my friendship with myself.
Yeah...
What do I do?
Finally.
(Laughter) So I'm clean, but I do behave like you saw like a 21-year-old in my movies.
There. Let's reconcile them.
We're here to see if we can figure out a way to stop the suffering and the bloodshed in Chechnya."
- ( gunshot )
There she is!
There's a strong tradition of acousmatic sound.
You gonna be okay?
It has to be here.
So unnecessary.
I got it.
I've found a baby before.
In this case, we tested it.
Of course I am.
Look there!
And he did spend a lot of time up to no good.
People.
But some day you'll come back piercing the darkness to claim your love, you'll come back.
Well, I want eyes on him when I get back, understood?
Come on, start moving now, people.
Wait.
We still need the man.
-
The section on the lunar landings.
Don't you ever come near her or my wife again.
No, I didn't say...
Group A physically practiced one-handed free throws while Group B only mentally practiced them.
That's that's me.
We first and foremost find young, passionate, educated youth from the same villages.
They were hung and then decapitated.
It's gone, as is most of the old town itself.
It's the spirit of our culture.
Andy, Jake needs to see you.
Terrorism is a problem in the United States.
You are...?
What we didn't understand, what was happening all around us, with the confluence of fear, ethnic strife and certainly an aid game, if you will, that was playing into this invisible but certainly palpable movement inside Rwanda, that at that time, 30 percent of the budget was all foreign aid.
If... they knew that there was someone like this out there.
TD: So, every one of you who has come here is so talented, and you have so much to offer to the world, I think it would be a good note to conclude on then to just take a moment to appreciate how fortunate we are to have come together in this way and exchanged ideas and really form a strong aspiration and energy within ourselves that we will take the good that has come from this conference, the momentum, the positivity, and we will spread that and plant it in all of the corners of the world.
Come on, ladies!
You have to take it in.
There's got to be a method to it, you know?
- Baby!
Get the weapons hot.
At the start of February 2012 in western Kenya, the rains started, and they started early, and when rains start early, farmers are encouraged, because it usually means that the season is going to be good.
- So?
This is all my fault, I feel responsible.
I'm still green!
Best ribbon dancer in the world!
- Berlin's in uproar!
Right so, finally, an English game that India usurped a little bit, but T20 is going to be the next missionary in the world.
And my dad says he got off the plane and he went to this lunch and there was this huge spread.
- He'll profit by it.
And a few times a year, I sip tea and dip biscuits with the likes of Daily Mail editor Paul Dacre, who says to me, "So, Kate, how have your last few months been?"
Don't move.
I am not fit, little kitten?
Forty percent of us attempt suicide.
But I stared down the barrel of that gun for so long that I saw a light at the end of the tunnel.
Deaths very emissary...
Don't be afraid, Pelle.
Do you have a warrant?
Via della Campanella.
Hey, Murph.
You are who I should have wanted.
I saw the moon get taken out.
I know I'm dreaming.
True, people send 200 dollars per month, on average. But, repeated month after month, by millions of people, these sums of money add up to rivers of foreign currency.
- What about you?
They normally require a lot of fine-tuning, lots of things to be present and correct before that gene is switched on.
And this in turn tends to be followed by this quotation marks-like symbol.
You know where we're going.
I don't think so, Murph.
And it does that avoiding obstacles.
I'm not trying to honor you.
Your ship came down.
Four in 10 Japanese medical doctors and five in 10 American medical doctors are burnt out.
But you can also search in the digital world, or maybe you can write a query, saying, "What is Dr. Smith's address?"
Emily Cale.
Olympus has fallen.
She's cheating on me.
I went to this very proper Christian school taught by nuns, fathers, brothers, sisters.
-Trevor. Behind you. -What?
And factors like animals carrying and transmitting the virus might undermine our best efforts altogether.
When I was last this way, there was a fine village here.
I'm coming for you.
Come on, come on!
This is near Jaipur. This is called the Jaigarh Fort.
"Ask around, dude Always fun-mood"
And you told her that mama Bengta was dead?
- Then act like it.
I hope.
CA: I mean, we got the detection pretty early, or at least some doctors in China got the detection pretty early.
The men!
We walked, each of us, three months, two and a half thousand kilometers.
I'll see you around, Raleigh.
How am I supposed to calm down?
How long can the average man hold his breath?
Everyone leads a difficult life.
Is that true?
I'd like to tell you a little bit about this particular dog, his name is Ruger.
- Do you wanna be my partner?
Three days ago, a non-human entity appeared in the subway station.
How are you?
Just say hello.
One that was published recently by David Keith at Harvard is to take chalk and put dust up into the stratosphere, where it reflects off sunlight.
We're taking you with us.
We're in for a fight.
Let your body go loose.
And some 10 years ago, I suggested that babies might be doing the same thing.
"Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,
We think that the race is on to do something differently.
This is simple.
Someone I was close to.
I'm not gonna jump.
So, you're getting the pattern. First 200 children at Riverside.
It's also related to the way that we subsidize our people, and all the left and right arguments that we have.
Keep moving, keep moving! Martin, I'm right outside the Capitol.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
What if my roommate knew about contemporary Nigerian music, talented people singing in English and Pidgin, and Igbo and Yoruba and Ijo, mixing influences from Jay-Z to Fela to Bob Marley to their grandfathers.
- Oscar, Hotel.
So what we are seeing is Yuttho's vision of the future: lots of public transportation, walkways, plazas, connecting high-rise buildings.
Cattle are the same way.
And when you compare it to what was being done in America -- these are the typefaces from the same period in the United States in the 1920s, bold, brash, braggadocios.
So recently, I had a group of counterterrorism officials at a museum in front of this painting.
Thank you, Donovan.
You need something?
Let's mount up!
Now, calm down.
And I just watched my brain rotate at roughly the speed of a gyro machine on my dad's flat-screen TV.
Plenty have, all day long.
But you know, when there is a political churning of society, it unleashes a lot of energy.
They cannot be used for sale.
Well, these squalls do usually blow over.
When we analyzed all the news stories and removed just one story, here's how the world looked.
That's good!
Let me ask you a question.
Nothing can be as painful as listening to you talk.
Whenever we are talking about facts certain opinions must be excluded.
That's where Eboshi is!
Does that mean anything to you?
These numbers are significant.
And it's amazingly little; it's like one hose for the entire earth.
That's very good to hear.
What are you gonna do with it?
He hacks into the security system and transfers millions back to the people that they stole it from.
That was mine.
Only Fitzpatrick didn't explode, it was far worse than that.
You can try and move around it with your fuzzy logic.
I can't claim to know where each and every one of you are on your journey through life, but I do know that our world is one that flourishes when different voices come together.
Retrieved 28 July 2017.
- No problem, go ahead.
They want to give their children the best chance in life.
This is a building we completed a few years ago.
How long have we got?
No it is not.
No scorching sun
We believed that incivility affected performance and the bottom line.
Northwest winds are around five miles per hour, becoming westerly in the afternoon.
Then what I propose is that we finish this interview out on the golf course.
She's at her father's.
They were about to lose the championship.
Shut up!
Tell me where to find Shaw, and I'll make him pay for this.
They know that once engaged in clinical care or admitted to hospital, they will be treated poorly.
That's why you're here and why you value the information we exchange.
It means to put the good of others before my own
- Did Elias hit Sofus?
Yeah.
Recommendation?
But the campaign never meant to shame anyone.
Do you mind if I ask why you do that?
This site was bare and eroding for over 30 years regardless of what rain we got.
Enough.
My son was supposed to be cleaning his room yesterday.
I believe in the power of local communities, in the transforming effect of relationships.
- Go and beat him up.
I call tonight people who have been there.
Yeah, but she really frightens people.
It can't hold him either.
Where do I get that much gasoline?
This reduces their travel time, improves their access, and saves money.
This new guy, he excites you.
1,200 years before Descartes said his famous thing about "I think therefore I am," this guy, St. Augustine, sat down and wrote "Fallor ergo sum" -- "I err therefore I am."
I just need a ride...
- He's all heart.
- You knew to listen.
Where's the serum?
I made them just the way you like them, sunny-side up.
In my shoes, I was worried about how am I going to get there?
A Federico, called "cripple", killed Messina and took his territory.
Eli, you all right?
Then you allow them to take the owner, and then, unmolested, they drive off into the middle of the night.
"You weren't there, don't start."
This is listening positions -- the idea that you can move your listening position to what's appropriate to what you're listening to.
200,000 people turned out that day for an entirely peaceful march.
I got my paints, and I wasn't a landscape painter, but I wasn't really much of any kind of painter at all, so I had no attachment, no expectation, which allowed me to be reckless and free.
You.
You heard him.
You have to move...
So at a certain point, when kids get a little bit older, there's this way that engaging with gross stuff isn't just about curiosity, it's also about, sort of, finding out where the limits are, pushing the boundaries of what's OK.
How old?
It ain't natural.
How many have audio?
Here's a little treat, for old time's sake.
Of course not.
Not only do they live infinite lives, but the same life is lived infinite times till you get to the point of it all.
The students went there in advance, and arranged that they'd all order Feynman sandwiches.
He'll be fine.
Can we be sure he's the only Secret Service member..
All of a sudden, you had that happening.
You're here to convince me to renew our armadyne contract, right?
What did you expect?
Now hold your breath, not too long, to imagine what comes next.
This is easy listening, 3 A.M. on the dot.
Well done!
These fuels are made of just hydrogen and carbon.
To destroy it.
W-why aren't we moving?
What if before she falls for you, you fall down from the horse and imagine the horse kicking you...
But the concentration of carbon dioxide that stays in the atmosphere is only increasing by about half of that, and that's because half of the carbon we keep releasing into the atmosphere is currently being taken up by land and the seas through a process we know as carbon sequestration.
This plant had in it some very powerful tryptamines, very close to brain serotonin, dimethyltryptamine, 5-methoxydimethyltryptamine.
A girl whose last rites have been performed by the family while she's still alive... we cannot accept such a girl in our family.
But these UN meetings are next-level, and everyone who works there approaches them with a level of calm normally only achieved by Zen masters.
There are two offensive and two defensive players, getting ready to do the pick-and-roll dance.
- It is true what they say about the northern girls.
Can you I.D. the president?
(Applause)
On September 26, 2017, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced that after a selection process, Nemer was chosen as Canada's new Chief Science Advisor – the first national science advisor since 2008.
It's not your fault, it's just our bad luck.
Because Drago Bludvist is a madman... without conscience or mercy.
Hit him!
It has its own Educate Girls app.
Mr. Wells calls him Snake Belly.
HP: (In Chinese) YR: I used to read Spider-Man comics, watch kung fu movies, take philosophy lessons from Bruce Lee.
Yakul!
The Merchant of salt speaks to me well of you.
- Hello, I am Sharmila's friend.
Meet your new baby brother.
You'll be happy.
I need five or six workers now
Pardon me, big fella.
By silence, we consented.
I have never lied to you.
The air up there nice and clean.
[CAR HORN BEEPING]
Who here hasn't imitated their childhood hero in the playground, or mum or father?
And everyone is responsible for the per capita emission."
They're perfectly awake.
I think I've just met the man who's going to make us our first million.
I'd say impossible...
He's with Lavender.
Jesus, Andy, I don't know.
Patients often have to travel long distances to get to their nearest hospital, and access to hospital care is becoming more and more an issue in rural areas, in the US, but also in sparsely populated countries like Sweden.
But the Depression period, along with the transformation of allied nations and economies during the World War II effort, show us that it is possible for complex societies to rapidly transform themselves in the face of a collective threat.
But odd multiplied with something even, no matter how many times you do it, it will definitely give us an even number.
Yes, Mrs. Torrance.
And we plan to extend this to other parts of the city.
"What, ma?"
Hank, the super at 111 Riverside says the boiler's really kaput.
No.
Guess I better go get that shot of B12.
At least three stable relationships.
And I think, for a minute at least, it did just that.
And besides, she said no.
I ain't doing that shit.
The curse will fall on you.
She hasn't been back there since her wedding.
No, she got her roller boots, too.
You know, that wasn't too cool.
And then I put some ultraviolet filters on my camera and took a very, very long exposure with the particular frequencies of ultraviolet light and this is what I got.
What's so special about this?
The average small village farmer works on two acres or less.
It's called "Sometimes I See Myself In You," and it speaks to the symbiotic relationship that we've developed over the years through our life and work.
Go and kill those two.
I got something here that might warm ya up a little bit.
You're hiding right now, like I have my whole life.
I got you.
Number one is that it takes a long time to open the traps back up -- you know, about 24 to 48 hours if there's no fly inside of it.
But, today in Britain, for example, Indian restaurants in Britain employ more people than the coal mining, ship building and iron and steel industries combined.
Yes, Father.
"She's a blank page."
Whatever you desire is yours.
I knew that this forgotten little street-end, abandoned like the dog that brought me there, was worth saving.
There's got to be a middle way.
Welcome to Qarth, My Lady.
You might remember the old pictures of the atom from science class, where you saw this tiny dot on the page with an arrow pointing to the nucleus.
Hey, you!
But it knows you, Jack.
Will you tell him that you are Indu?
- I gotta change the reel.
I'll get you out of here.
- What have you done to me?
Symptoms occur in 40–90% of cases and most commonly include fever, large tender lymph nodes, throat inflammation, a rash, headache, tiredness, and/or sores of the mouth and genitals.
I'm gonna teach kung fu.
This got me thinking.
Or I could be wrong, they could all be pick-and-rolls.
So now I'm going to hook you up over here so that you get the -- It's going to feel a little bit weird at first, this is going to feel like a -- (Laughter) You know, when you lose your free will, and someone else becomes your agent, it does feel a bit strange.
And we are operating with a comprehensive urban-planning deficit.
(Laughter) They did the test twice, with different objects.
And I think of this as kind of a moral landscape, with peaks and valleys that correspond to differences in the well-being of conscious creatures, both personal and collective.
I've been suspended.
I thought... she will come back, say sorry.
Now when we look at being able to slash our product use, slash our transportation use, slash our building energy use, all of that is great, but it still leaves something behind.
- Good game.
30 seconds!
with a member of the opposite sex.
We were under heavy fire but were able to land in Gatow.
That's very kind but 'no, thank you'.
Just be the person that she already thinks you are.
I've been arrested 26 times.
But he is family and we can trust him.
Is this your bike?
They’re in physics labs: clouds of gases held just fractions of a degree above absolute zero.
I'm fussy about who I meet.
Keep on going until you hit the spot.
That's the value of living.
You're so smart.
And he betrayed me.
It's the thing that gets passed down over generations.
Daily ?
In a comic, past, present and future all sit side by side on the same page.
And then we got one.
And we get here, and you can't even get a copper when you need one.
Because I'm starving.
Yeah I like to read.
Head northwest and flank from there!
he grew up eating uh...
Elevator's here, let's go!
- BRAND:
One of the great lessons Greenpeace learned is that it's OK to lose control, OK to take yourself a little less seriously, given that, even though it's a very serious cause, you could ultimately achieve your goal.
- ( clinks )
You know, it's kinda strange.
- I can go there if you want.
OTHER WAY.
He's in there, right in the middle of the storm, looking straight out at you.
You'd better see this.
I don't know, it just doesn't feel like home.
- Is this treasure worth dying for? - I'm a pirate.
So they're skin cells that can be tricked, kind of like cellular amnesia, into an embryonic state.
Get out.
"You mean God didn't want my bread?"
You have to consider I might be better for her than you.
[TIRES SCREECH]
Yeah, Doyle, we have a mission, and our mission Plan A is... to find a planet that can habitate the people that are living on Earth right now.
-Kid's got it, huh?
That is your only friend here.
No need to hurry.
The law forbids that we watch as you go.
I couldn't thread a needle or see the lice in my hair.
There's a hospital near by.
Cut there.
You can check out books from home, you can research on the way to school or from school, but these are really two big assumptions, that one, you have access at home, and two, that you have access to a mobile phone, and in Philadelphia, many kids do not.
That dam up there was the answer.
Around lunchtime, the sprawling temple rises out of the desert ahead.
We humans have always been very concerned about the health of our bodies, but we haven't always been that good at figuring out what's important.
Why will I meet that fool, boss?
Stay out of the Via Panico!
It's not what he did, it's why he did it.
So, by keeping in mind a few practical tips, we do actually have the power to cultivate our own confidence.
- Why?
May I have this dance?
- I was perfectly safe.
Is it good?
- lt was him!
Koller's on the line.
Because you don't know.
This is also an invented language.
Early discharge.
She said she wants Harsha.
She's a good girl.
It's not as though, as I try to suggest, it's not as though either you have religion and then you have to accept all sorts of things, or you don't have religion and then you're cut off from all these very good things.
Elissa selected for our first study a group of such caregiving mothers, and we wanted to ask: What's the length of their telomeres compared with the number of years that they have been caregiving for their child with a chronic condition?
If you come half an hour earlier To fulfill its purpose.
No, stop!
With all this information and support, I was able to form a team of several neurosurgeons, traditional doctors, oncologists, and several hundred volunteers with whom I was able to discuss the information I was receiving, which is very important.
The risk of acquiring HIV from a needle stick from an HIV-infected person is estimated as 0.3% (about 1 in 333) per act and the risk following mucous membrane exposure to infected blood as 0.09% (about 1 in 1000) per act.
I'm sorry?
This is a feminist intervention.
You can finish this.
I'm not big on still life, Mr. Dufayel.
That my daughter?
What happened then?
You know what I do to little kids who ask lots of questions about me?
So, kufungisisa is the local equivalent of depression in my country.
Pack this!
Harder!
I was told Oeï jumped your turn.
We are creating organizations able to fail, but in a compliant way, with somebody clearly accountable when we fail.
My dearest one
Don't shoot my ass!
- Horrible!
I'll handover you the kingdom and the princess.
And the world can come in with enabling environments and opportunities to do this.
And I was wondering, would you like to see it tonight nakedly?
That's the number of women who were married before their 18th birthday.
Initiating neural handshake in 5..
Never ever lasted too long.
People will use laughter to show that they're OK.
And much to my surprise, these comics lectures were a hit.
You got a rip in it.
The drift.
Who else?
Hey, leave her alone man.
It's much harder than it looks, actually.
That's enough.
Now let's go to our land nearby on the same day, with the same rainfall, and look at that.
I'm sorry.
I beg you. Leave him.
- Don't you know who we are, Coop?
It wasn't our intention, okay?
You don't mind, do you, mon cheri?
-Are you supposed to be doing that?
Are you sleeping?
Keeping things the way they've been is comfortable.
You're sitting in the best-kept secret in the world.
And the second group that we've followed was a group of boys from Boston's poorest neighborhoods, boys who were chosen for the study specifically because they were from some of the most troubled and disadvantaged families in the Boston of the 1930s.
So long, gay boys.
But you break the law again and I hear about it, oh, you're going down.
It's written around 1834, so even though it's old, I hope you'll like it.
We'll get warm in here in just a minute.
-It's okay, it's okay now.
Maybe someday, when I say, "Hi, I'm Jack, and I'm transgender," the only response I'll get is, "Hi, nice to meet you."
30 years?
And can we learn anything about laughter if we watch this?
Come.
I want back in.
As I said: I am not a spiritual person.
You have no respect, woman!
So here's the plan ... inexpensive refrigeration that doesn't use electricity, propane, gas, kerosene or consumables time for some thermodynamics And the story of the Intermittent Absorption Refrigerator] Adam Grosser: So 29 years ago, I had this thermo teacher who talked about absorption and refrigeration, one of those things that stuck in my head, a lot like the Stirling engine: it was cool, but you didn't know what to do with it.
There are many steps, and identifying which step to try to block is complex -- like defusing a bomb.
We were on a salvage run...
Margaret Mead, the great anthropologist, said, before she died, that her greatest fear was that as we drifted towards this blandly amorphous generic world view not only would we see the entire range of the human imagination reduced to a more narrow modality of thought, but that we would wake from a dream one day having forgotten there were even other possibilities.
I joined expecting drama and tension and breakthrough.
(Laughter) If you don't tell anyone, I'm going to tell you I'm not, but I never let that assumption go away.
So we can see what happens when I touch the hair a second time.
- Yes, sir.
- I'm gonna kill you, chief (?
This time, I'm really going to.
(Laughter) I'm just kidding.
When you pluck your hair for my sake... it's good...
I'm sorry.
So this gets a little challenging, because the dynamics of this robot are quite complicated.
I made a hole in the boundary wall of the slum next to my office, and stuck a computer inside it just to see what would happen if I gave a computer to children who never would have one, didn't know any English, didn't know what the Internet was.
I don't know why. I did not ask for a condom.
Want some more?
Get ahead.
I am aware you have another system in those countries where you are from.
So that shows you that we have people who are capable of doing.
TREVOR:
One of my first acts as a codirector was to approve company cars for the entire sales team... including a nice little upgrade for moi.
That's what the term "smallholder" means.
Does it burn?
I was determined to change my relationship with the cancer and I was determined to learn more about my cancer before doing anything as drastic as a surgery.
How long have you been able to see?
He likes seeing bullfighters gored on TV.
I would love to.
Give me that.
Posture can even influence your emotional state and your sensitivity to pain.
But the same type of system could be used in the military or even the workplace.
It was the chaos and the imperfections that were fascinating me, and something started to happen.
- Who are you screamin' for?
But nature is much better at making them than we are, so hers look more impressive than ours, like this one.
But in the U.S., whenever Africa came up, people turned to me.
Get in line now!
My mother put in great effort in taking me out to eat, making sure we visited museums and traveled abroad, basically exposing me to as much culture as she could.
Is your family in the complex?
And we all have to be prepared.
I mean, who wants to hook their brain up to their computers?
Then she would know if her dream was viable.
Now you'd ask, can this be done at scale?
You're still upshifting early.
Now, as I look out into this room, I realize that our journeys are not self-made; they're shaped by others.
your cells grown in radiation.
During my transition, my husband was pressing down on my sacrum to keep my body from breaking.
Every day.
I've been talking to a lot of NASA JPL scientists -- at JPL, they are famous for the Mars rovers -- and the scientists, geologists always tell me that the real interesting science, the science-rich sites, are always at the cliffs.
We continue doing that, so it matters that Bill Clinton is doing this.
You don't get tensed!
- Yay, on a donkey. - No, there's no donkey!
Just giving orders.
Surprise you.
Bravo team's gonna breach.
I got him a membership to our country club, it was like 90,000 plus.
And I'm going to illustrate this very crudely for maize, where the chromosomes below the off switch represent all the genes that are required for desiccation tolerance.
You keep your mouth shut!
What just happened?
Give me back to Rama, or you shall soon hear his mighty bow that resounds like Indra's thunderbolt!
It changed their subjective experience of the exercise.
Louis was my boy.
What nonsense.
Maybe they didn't know what happens when you raise something to the zeroth power.
Someone who lost someone.
I took a breath; I pushed; my son was born.
Andy got two weeks in the hole for that little stunt.
- No, you mean take them in.
We're paying for the villa.
- Wiggin!
Tell me, I know you mentioned this a little bit, but how would things actually change if there were a malaria vaccine?
All my life!
The answer is our imagination.
Listen, I know a few of y'all have already been to Macau, but you have never seen the town till you've seen it through my eyes.
- I just think...
So, where was he going?
To Bangkok for bike races and bike jumps.
We are documenting what we are doing.
Are you with a man who calls himself Lucas?
In that moment, our only intention was to put the topic of failure on the table.
She's partially blind, her husband can't work, she's got seven kids.
For her, graphic novels are a great way of fulfilling a Common Core Standard.
It's fascinating to me that you see people wanting to hang out on the stairs.
If this woman has to carry water on her head for miles and miles and miles, you cannot be celebrating that.
You exaggerate your fears, and you're terrified about the humiliation of defeat.
Hey, everybody.
Twenty-nine.
You must take revenge!
And we need to engage with people in a transparent way.
But Omar is only one out of more than 350,000 children without the proper mental health support in this crisis alone.
But, by Zeus, too many have died.
And we'll soon be dead.
Coordinate with the Air Force and FAA.
There are times when I look at you and still can't believe you're real.
These are all the tools we need.
It's called pleaching, or grafting trees together, or grafting inosculate matter into one contiguous, vascular system.
If we succeed in getting the sausage without violating our values, then the sausage tastes better.
And then I could feel something in me changing, so I yelled and I screamed, and I noticed that everybody around me was doing the same thing.
That's what you look like.
They look nice.
Mr. Hatto handled a number of sensitive issues involving my US interests.
I know, but you will be 19 this summer and the girls already say you don't like them.
Perhaps we should give up.
I'm not like Rama, who would take a woman who's slept in another man's house!
- In my mailbox just after she died.
We've held the building for 15 minutes.
Kind of.
First off, this is the worst damn city in the world to commit a crime.
Perfection.
And that way, we can remove one of the most powerful tools used to control young women today.
It's starting to stink around here.
A family.
Okay, listen, Walker's not doing this for the money, trust me.
So let's talk about those three As.
Young, bad boys.
No, this wasn't a personal decision.
- I suppose we should call you C now.
- Stay here
CastleGround,we areholding.
And be curious to connect to what and who is really here, awake and alive.
Funny, look much like the old one.
He said I was throwing my life away if that's all I chose to do with it; that I should go to college, I should become a professional person, that I had great potential and I was wasting my talent to do that."
And all of this goes back to the failure of the DMCA to disallow sharing as a technical means.
So in effect, what? We just accept it.
Take Okja back to the mountains.
It was so hard that I became this skinny.
So now, I have one last thought, which is that it really makes a difference what we say -- the words that come out of our mouth.
Nobody dropped anything.
- My sister wants me to kill you.
(WHISTLES)
Get over here!
Shoot, he's getting away!
You should get rid of Kim Woo-jing
Actually, the origins of Hanuman...
Simone Bianco: As many of you know, since 1950, the average surface temperature of the earth has increased by one degree Centigrade due to all the carbon dioxide we are pumping into the air.
And then about seven years ago, we had a research student from Australia.
I mean, I can actually now for the first time in my life read.
- That, and the women.
Now I haven't succeeded, so this is just a progress report, but I'm here to tell you a little bit about self-driving cars.
You shouldn't have rented it to them, with a child!
- Stay out of this, Valentine.
That's $2,000.
Just recently, it was legislated that a database will be built that will house both Department of Defense health records and Department of Veteran Affairs health records.
Anyway, Johnny had just gotten through having sex with her.
Now, I know of course, we have to make a living, but nobody in this room thinks that that's the answer to the question, "Why do we work?"
- Shut up, just shut up.
We might see the world in a different way, and sometimes that might not line up with reality, but it doesn't mean that one of us is right and one of us is wrong.
They don't turn up with an army or complain, and they're laser-focused on a plan.
In fact, the American publishers of my book, "The Elephant, The Tiger and the Cell Phone," added a gratuitous subtitle saying, "India: The next 21st-century power."
You assaulted me.
I grew up in Oakland, California, with my mother and members of my immediate family addicted to crack cocaine.
He looks like rotten puff.
He catches up with each of these people to find out why they treated him the way they did.
She said to me, "Lawyer is liar."
I saw you talkin' to that little thing at the filling' station.
- No. - Yes!
- Grab the spare, Tom.
And in that context, the first thing we know for sure, is that we actually know how to kill every kind of microbe, every kind of virus, every kind of bacteria.
Where was he when I needed him?
I don't want them protecting my bomb run, sir.
The map is there. - Where?
So long.
Really what I want to say is for many of you who are operating in a range of different fields, there is something to learn from the example of religion -- even if you don't believe any of it.
(Laughter) I learned that one the hard way.
You ready?
Where'd that come from?
So a little girl who you see just now, she raised her hand, and she says to me in broken Tamil and English, she said, "Well, apart from the fact that improper replication of the DNA molecule causes disease, we haven't understood anything else."
They'll give you ships and soldiers and they'll own you forever.
One is, first of all, process this information to have an understanding of the environment -- these are the lanes of the road, there's the obstacles -- and convey this information to the driver.
And this instrument shows something at the moment.
Talk about employing irresponsible morons!
- 6:00?
Live...
- - Scott, we have to go now!
Cop gone real bad.
One of the greatest studies that we've been finding is that many times investors would ask this question -- "What is a scalable model?" -- as if the need of a community, which is only located in a space and time and has those needs only located in those places, has no legitimate right to get them for free because it's not part of a larger scale.
If the common man gets to know, the company's reputation will be ruined
- No, I can't.
Always making sure to keep as much distance as possible between himself and the little gal he loved.
Brenda, hand me that pen.
Looks like hendry wants to start world war III.
I do.
People reuse it for a slab for their home.
But who is he?
We should think of code names.
I broke my cheekbone, I got five stitches on my right eye.
But there are over 3 million civilians.
Show us what you can do.
Next stop, Rector Street.
-What if there is no other way?
Look out!
Don't go all shaky on me.
Come on, something's got your panties in a knot.
Here we are in Athens, the Niarchos Foundation.
Just seeing it there made people feel better, and that was the most surprising thing.
So, I was completely smitten by this, and had to do more.
CA: You tested three, and found that four worked better?
You feel you've been rehabilitated?
The why of the thing, that's the foundation.
Well, this beauty -- this universal beauty, I should say -- is one of the few things that can change the world.
For the moment, Mr. Grady.
And so what we're going to do is I've got a wire wrapped around the stem, and I've got the ground electrode where?
Rick the implausible.
Now, I had an amazing experience.
You're my broker, it's what you do.
(Cheers) (Applause)
Did you miss me?
And you know something about LEXCORP metals, don't you, Miss Lane?
But actually, the most fascinating thing that I found was that even the audio system or wave transmission nowadays are still based on the same principle of producing and projecting sound.
Imagine if other entrepreneurs tried to invent new ways to access capital rather than following the traditional route.
That doesn't sound like us.
As we study positions on the field, we also name and imagine our own freedoms.
-l am Googling at 30,000 feet.
Meet Wael.
No use in scolding him.
No! You begged the Deer God for him.
It is the form of the hate within me!
That day in the truck, all I could imagine was that my dad was being tortured and his body was the vessel of that torture.
There are lots of people who actually share the same dream.
My commandment to you after I am gone is this...
Yeah?
Why is every man useless for a woman.
Oh!
Sometimes.
It's emotional. It's personal.
You're just being careful.
I should never have fled.
Look at it -- it has no value.
As long as I am alive, nobody will ever get that formula.
Compliance audits, consultants' diagnostics.
And at the same time, we're fighting another battle.
Because people like you, paper-pushers and politicians, are too spineless to do what needs to be done.
Malfunctioned.
You'd immediately ask again: "Where do you belong?"
So this previous year, I won the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair.
- My point is this.
I've had it.
Part of what was so nerve-racking about coming out as transgender was knowing that people wouldn't know what I meant.
How is it connected with this?
She gets into the car -- she's sitting on two phone books.
Hello, Doctor
In fact, I'm what garbage looks like.
You know, plus he'd be grinding his hips, and my grandmother would be... yes, revolted but also strangely fascinated in a completely disturbing way... and, um...
I need Marine 1 here as fast as possible.
So some people might hear these stories and say, "Yes, those two definitely have grit.
They live just underneath the surface of the bone, underneath cartilage.
You won't do it.
930-05.
I heard some grownups say he's bad.
Stand back.
Time to work.
Have you ever broken something in real life, and then found yourself looking for an "undo" button in real life?
See the giant dragon?
It's just that...
Your father died!
You've reached the voice mail of Emily Cale.
Reinforcements!
- - Nice to meet you. -
Be mark of words.
- Cleitus, Cleitus.
- 10-5 cases.
The only way to change the codes is physically on the computer itself.
We use this sound pedagogical model to encourage our students from all over the world to interact and study together, and also to reduce the time our professors need to labor over class assignments.
We see that it knows that there's a cat and a dog.
Can you imagine walking out of this building and seeing a tank sitting out there, or a truck full of soldiers?
When they kept this under wraps, but soon others got to know.
I've been spooning on almost a pro level for close to 20 years, but in all this time, I've never figured out what to do with that bottom arm.
We also included children.
The World Health Organization reports that depression is the leading cause of sickness and disability in the world.
I will not dance to that beating.
If I change just just one thing in this room.
(Shouts In French)
The question, though, is not "Why can't we?"
The name's Red.
This is how the world's two billion poorest people cook and light their homes every day.
It's all over.
He's on a 10 minute parole.
This is Judith.
You get that a lot. You get that a lot.
And I'm telling you he's not.
Minimal free fluid in the pelvis.
So frail, so fragile.
His life should have ended in india but that's myth.
He figures we owe him $10,000, we have to resolve it.
Tigers love pepper.
Comprende? Yes, completely comprende.
The leaders of the world will gather tomorrow.
I heard from Monkey, and Crane, and Mantis... and your dad, and Mrs. Chow from the gift shop... and those ducks you just passed... and Tigress told me.
So I had to wield my paralyzed arm like a stump and cover the numbers as I went along and pushed them, so that as I would come back to normal reality, I'd be able to tell, "Yes, I've already dialed that number."
But you beat it.
Too late.
- Help me move this.
And that's energy poverty.
We don't stand a chance.
The man's been in here 50 years, Heywood?
Come on! Jump!
Nothing goes through.
The kids should learn it.
- Just shut up, okay.
Max, Max.
The Black Pearl.
You dim little shit.
Sean.
Open up!
That's cool.
And, as many people do, he was dozing off during the sermon.
I married you.
I imagine it would require outside investment.
He's dead.
Fine, drink your tonic.
This was for mass communication.
Let's look for a minute at the greatest icon of all, Leonardo da Vinci.
So we just..
Sally?
If I knew this before I wouldn't create trouble, I would've killed!
I don't take no for an answer.
They are sold in the name of adoption.
Will you let me go, please?
He's based in Denmark.
But that's OK.
When we perform as a collective, this is what our shows look like.
I am sorry.
The happy ending is waiting for you
Don't go away, stay put here.
So instead, we've invented all these proxies.
And this is actually a really slow process, but let's remember the Internet was significantly slower 20 years ago, so 3D printing will also accelerate and in no time you'll be able to print a T-Shirt in your home in just a couple of hours, or even minutes.
The robots can be used for transporting cargo.
He's an undergraduate student in chemistry, and he also happens to be pretty good with computer graphics.
Since 1938, we've tracked the lives of two groups of men.
I say we all just pack up and leave.
Shoot him.
Hello, little dove.
She got only one sample of tissue that fit her criteria, and it was Thomas's.
[GROANING]
If I beat him up, I'll be just as big an idiot.
Try them on, Pelle?
And Chicago just rolled it out to get people to sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows.
Now I will tell you a secret.
They got away, but he caused a crash.
Who knows what other tricks they have up their sleeves?
HERE, MOVE OVER.
We all want to be heard, but let's acknowledge the difference between speaking up with intention and speaking up for attention.
Oh, yes!
SHIT, ROY.
What you can see is this huge change in the community, followed by a relatively rapid recovery.
Don't be scared and say it confidentially.
- Did you have any luck fishing?
We started using probiotic bacteria which are safe bacteria that have a health benefit, and found that when orally delivered to mice, these probiotics would selectively grow inside of liver tumors.
Otachi and leatherback.
You just paid me, I can either file the complaint as planned or I can try and negotiate directly with them but I need to do one or the other.
Sam, Sam, don't, it's important.
Gina works with Amélie.
- Think about what you say.
You don't have to play these games, Victor.
What's really weird is I'd never used the same garage or the same barber.
No more shows of weakness.
Go ahead and make some tea.
It's trying to make its way around the South Lawn fountain.
Nice.
Of course, they were confused.
I'm gonna have to shrink between the molecules to get in there.
At a highly-respected institute for the advancement of human potential where many a forward-looking CEO go.
What the...?
And ...
Yes.
It was always her.
They will respect Saru's family... her culture and the value system she belongs to.
Enjoy this moment.
S-Sansa... is she all right?
Some developed alcoholism. A few developed schizophrenia.
- You know what I mean?
We were discussing the role of locality in writing, when suddenly it hit me.
Comes with bayonet suppressor as well.
There's no government investigation, charges have been laid, one's even looking into it!
- You need a time-out!
I mean, I was gonna call...
Actually, we should probably do a close-up of your-- those whiskers.
You don't believe in this old bollocks, do you, Vincent? No.
Aim where she falls.
You go.
We can open up city hall.
But the information was closer to me.
I have your tracking number.
Say, a red cross volunteer going into an earthquake zone.
© P@rM! NdeR M@nkÖÖ ™
We've seen Storm's injuries.
- Any other injuries?
The controls won't work here. We're passing through the bulk.
We kept a close watch on her, we tried to help her.
Fuck Nancy.
Walshy signed the business over to Ronnie for a coin.
If you could connect me to whatever control structure we still have left..
We need to negotiate a settlement, so make me an offer.
The medical term: "transition," because "feels like dying" is not scientific enough.
- He's a cricketer?
To send money to Africa, the cost is even higher: 12 percent.
Why dont we just correct...
Do you really think I done something like that?
I often ask them why they do what they do, and when I asked A.B., he said, "Doc, since I dropped out of school, this is the first time I'm having a chance to hold a pen to write.
[man howling] [howling continues] [chuckles]
(Laughter) (Laughter) (Music) This is not ...
Until that moment, he didn't exist, except on paper.
addicted and medicated adult cohort in U.S. history.
One can say, "OK, what are we made of?"
007, I'd like you to meet Max Denbigh, head of the Joint Security Service.
Is that possible?
I warn you!
Task Force X project of yours again, are you?
(Laughter) So what have I realized, being on the receiving end of all this ugliness?
Now that you're being reasonable, why don't you compose yourself and we'll start again. Okay?
She's not coming back, Simon.
Amazingly, little Masa survived.
I'm Red.
And so I have to be very careful.
SVD Dragunovs and Type 50s.
You're a good woman.
The threat, in fact, is this inversion of the burden of proof, where we suddenly are all treated like thieves at every moment we're given the freedom to create, to produce or to share.
Because how could anything so miraculous possibly be real?
YR: This phrase is now etched into my mind clearer than the pin number to my bank card, so I can pretend I speak Chinese fluently.
You can get your own brandy.
I see...
So I want you to close your eyes, dear.
- I do.
It was delicious.
People stay together because they forgive.
Would they give me academic journals so I could scribble in the margins?
!
And who's to say that we'll stay forever small?
You fooled your father, now you're dead.
She did not want you, well done!
Stick the kettle on.
You all do as you please. .
The mission's not over.
They saw me as a young, short woman wearing a pathan suit.
I'm going to be.
- turns out a video was gold dust.
We have trained girls as carpenters, as masons, as security guards, as cab drivers.
What's the temperature doing?
Actually I should not be standing here in front of you today.
I said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but come on, come on, come on."
And this is only after two hours of treatment.
Try to say "Chiweenie" without smiling.
It's 10 hours of productivity taken from the rest of the organization to have this one-hour meeting, which probably should have been handled by two or three people talking for a few minutes.
That was all my fault.
NO, I'M DONE.
The point is that piece of shit was the father of my sister's child.
All right, this charade is over.
DO WHAT?
Jor-El, was right you are pack of fools, every last one of you!
He's weak.
You know, when we focus on well-being, we start a conversation that provokes profound and fundamental questions.
And while no human remains have been found inside, grave pits do indicate that many workers died from accidents, hunger and exhaustion.
Some just didn't get no luck.
? - No.
I also got a big shipment in that week.
Mr. Tyler..
What kind of gentlemen would I be if I didn't offer to escort you?
[WHIMPERING]
He had a bad case of the Hank Williams Blues
I was just warming up.
And this starts right now.
You're young.
Are you good at tiling?
Nurse!
Nothing ever turns out as planned ... ever.
Information, in the form of energy, streams in simultaneously through all of our sensory systems and then it explodes into this enormous collage of what this present moment looks like, what this present moment smells like and tastes like, what it feels like and what it sounds like.
I could have easily made it into a projection, or a Google Glass, or something like that.
So are the pessimists right?
You don't understand.
Any fucking thing for him.
(Laughter) Like Okonkwo in "Things Fall Apart," we African men neither process nor express our emotions.
- Locked.
Relax we'll be careful.
About five hours.
Let us forever cherish the loved ones we've lost along the way.
Kerabai had a valid question, so in this drought, we decided to start the cattle camp in the area.
I always wanted to have a wife.
They just..
In the rest of the world, honor killings would be known as murder.
Well, see this pie chart?
"Always. I've always been a fireman."
You'll surely God's forgiveness.
We know that with age, the connections between neurons -- the way neurons talk to each other, the synapses -- they start to deteriorate; neurons die, the brain starts to shrink, and there's an increased susceptibility for these neurodegenerative diseases.
Oh, by "difficult time," he means when my mother died.
But I have a plan.
If we have four years of drought, we still have water on the campus, because we collect rainwater.
Shifu, open another scroll or something.
That's all he's carrying.
That's the beauty of the 'Little Doctor'.
We talk about world peace.
( hissing )
Just before landing, we got hit by Russian artillery.
Just give me that chance?
It's nice, but still.
But I knew you'd come back.
Where do we look?
Lynne.
Grump!
Because we're starting to see these enterprises reach hundreds of thousands of people. All of the ones I discussed have reached at least a quarter million people.
He moved it!
Max saw the readings 1 0 years ago, and he took off to investigate.
This man is not our enemy.
It's actually been pretty interesting.
They can be behind your house or far from your house.
- My Lord.
And so Dr. Savita took me to ICU and started treating me.
So all we're left with are just a few drawings and notes.
I offered him Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber and Mandy Patinkin.
Bella is on the perfect how you think.
And you've come back empty-handed from your search for Bretodeau.
(Applause) SRK: Thanks a lot, Javed Sahab, for coming here today and sharing such wonderful things with us.
Take this, for example.
I love animals.
So every time we move, we move one down and one across, and we draw a new straight line, right?
So a person with ADHD cannot inhibit these distractors, and that's why they can't focus for a long time on a single task.
And boy did I need something to bring the old Vincent Swan mojo back.
You will spend less time compared to you.
That might be a bad idea.
"My friend's daughter is transgender -- I wonder if they know each other."
Take this green piece of paper, the dollar bill.
So obviously I Googled for it.
That's why a very common feeling when you're in a museum -- let's admit it -- is, "I don't know what this is about."
He was already back.
I came here to kill you.
But you can't study emotion in mice or monkeys because you can't ask them how they're feeling or what they're experiencing.
I could either deny my mental illness or embrace my mental skillness.
The third one on the right is Albert Richardson's idol.
It was the first time the traditional news was usurped by the internet for a major news story -- a click that reverberated around the world.
Carbon dioxide is increasing in the atmosphere.
But for the desert society this is no program; this is their life.
Justice turn dark across the harbor when police found an alleged sex trafficker apparently tortured and branded by the Gotham bat.
I trained with Snake for six years.
Make sure he doesn't meet Indu.
If you do a good deed... or go on a pilgrimage...
Sethembile Msezane: Pretty cool, huh?
No, I don't think I can do this.
What are we, fucking Vikings?
I don't want to create a panic.
Right, gentlemen, we should probably be making a move.
No, I don't expect you to.
You don't have to take the pills, Tony.
Why is that?
I was like, "I'm going to be a doctor!"
Monster!
As many as I can manage.
Alice Bows-Larkin: Yeah, it's just nowhere near enough to avoid two degrees.
They're up for a medical capsule.
One prolytic digestive enzyme shake.
On the dark side, politics doesn't seem to escape people like me.
You know, what are the lessons learned?
- Nobody.
I know what is wrong. I have done wrong.
(Laughter) (Applause) Depending on the context, depending on the outcome, choose your paradigm.
Toothless?
A quantum bit has a more fluid, nonbinary identity.
And because the security is based on the fundamental laws of physics, a quantum computer, or indeed any future supercomputer will not be able to break it.
But how do you reconcile this idea of it being bad to think of someone as a "loser," with the idea that a lot of people like, of seizing control of your life, and that a society that encourages that, perhaps has to have some winners and losers?
That's why I'm a comedy magician, not a big cat magician.
We know where he's headed.
This is a victory of thousands of users, in hundreds of cities, one user, one edit at a time.
You sure I'm your son?
I don't have the words.
"OK," he said.
In 2014, over 54 percent of the world population was living in cities, and I can bet you that so many of these people have thought of how they would do things differently, like if I only had the tools to change things in my city, what would I do?
I can fly over stars...
I'm sorry.
The drip irrigation system had to be small enough that a farmer only had to risk a quarter acre, even if he had two, because it was too frightening, given all that he had at stake.
Excuse me!
I'm not a hugger.
- That's not really for me to say.
We just get rid of those to make it cleaner, and that's all there is to it.
(Laughter) And rich men are afflicted.
You think it's easy securing your safety harness in the dark?
Somebody has filed an injunction.
But let me tell you a little bit about Feynman the physicist.
Explain yourself!
I love you.
Wow, 5%.
The frequency of the attacks has increased.
My research community may be missing out important parts of the parasite.
We're cut off and can't reach her!
I followed your ass 1,700 fucking miles.
Goddamn it!
Second, when are they attacking?
She has taken a course in a business school, and she has become a veterinary doctor.
I DON'T KNOW THE GUY.
Sean.
just as black people in America are still seen as criminal.
I don't think, for instance, that you will one day consult a supercomputer to learn whether you should have a second child, or whether we should bomb Iran's nuclear facilities, or whether you can deduct the full cost of TED as a business expense.
It says, the wages of sin is death.
Let's end this debilitating pattern of violence..
We know that if recovery is ever going to happen we must keep people alive.
The photo was made when we were deep in the valley over there.
Reading textbooks is stressful, but reading does not matter when you feel your story is already written, either dead or getting booked.
The animals of the zodiac are associated with what's called the Twelve Earthly Branches, or shí'èrzhī.
You're lucky for it.
This is the face we need to see on millions of problem solvers worldwide, as we try to tackle the challenges of the next century.
(Laughter) Now I know that seems ludicrous.
What are these offerings for?
Tell him she's alive.
Man: I ain't voting on no gay shit.
But are you going to go in there and tell him?
It's not a bloody safari park.
Isn't there something you can do?
Whatever it is, you can go so far.
Not this woman, that girl's body.
- Useless fucking phones!
I believe I report late for work daily
So bingo, problem solved.
This here is an equal bracket for the same purpose.
It begs the question: shall we expand our sense of environmental stewardship to include the ecosystem of our own bodies?
And I redefined policing concepts in India.
I did say that.
But we've made essentially no progress at all in treating Alzheimer's disease.
- This way, Mr. Wayne!
Remember, in two years, as soon as the snow begins to melt we'll go out and conquer it.
Of course, there is no simple answer, but one reason, I argue, is that our mind's eye might work against us.
In fact, we're finding a number of Fortune 100 companies supporting our program.
Kellerman!
And it doesn't just end in fifth grade.
Again, the winning algorithms were able to match the diagnoses given by human ophthalmologists.
You!
And it was the most surreal kind of deja vu experience I've ever had, because I would know before I turned a corner what was going to be there before the lights of the vehicle actually revealed it, because I had walked the set for months when we were making the movie.
Now, let's just pause for a moment and think about this four-degree global average temperature.
Yay, Po!
I swear to you all, I swear..
- Stop it, Lars.
- What's he saying?
Can we not do this again?
Is it luck? Is it chance?
I think I found something.
I don't know where the vehicles are, what's happened to the communications.
Ex-comunicado...
Yeah, this is perfect.
We've discussed this.
Muriel Walker's here.
It never fails.
You lie and lie and lie.
(Laughter) She assumed that I did not know how to use a stove.
I'm going tohe info you got.
As you think, your fiance is not a good man.
The idea was atterns, and so we gave the computer the existing texts.
She said she will come to park.
As the meeting transople added up like this.
Your work, your belief... is about to crumble and die.
I had no role models, absolutely none.
Until a recmen were not allowed r pursue education.
Don't say that to me, Haig?
But do not engage... for with every foe he faces, Kai becomes stronger.
A memo is something you write to give people information.
You know what I say when I see a bed of red-hot coals?
So we worked with a courveillance, and we asked them to develop a piece of software with us, using a camera that could look at people in the room, track them and replace one person with the background, rendering them invisible.
Well, I'm glad you're enjoying yourself.
You said you couldit in three days and yet you cannot come down from that cross.
I live ire too afraid to go.
This is neither national policy nor officially condoned, but many people are still afraid of the sporadic resurgence of Ebola virus.
If you stay and fight, you'll die like rats.
I left you a bunch of messages, 20 to be exact.
And he... does he know?
Over.
And then there's a coastal plain along the Mediterranean, where Tel Aviv is now.
Don't mention it.
So I started a farm in Missouri and learned about the economics of farming.
Me?
No, I wouldn't like to leave another message.
For 300 dollars, maybe sometimes 500 dollars.
And that would be represented by the firing of boundary-detecting cells.
ETA, four minutes.
It's partially deboned.
Citizens... this is what I want to say:
It's a demonstration of augmented reality.
Come here for a second.
And when you choose to connect with others under stress, you can create resilience.
It's complex.
The door swings open, and the voice says, "Come in, for there is no room in this house for two I's," -- two capital I's, not these eyes -- "for two egos."
Now it's time to go off to work.
She knows.
Humans stink!
So if you're wearing i's really obvious that you're wearing a prosthetic limb, and in societies where there's social stigma around being disabled, people are particularly acute about this.
It hurt like hell.
And there was some concern that in st be voter suppression.
So you're out fishing for young men.
Then let's get suited up.
Come, Yesu Thomas.
What the hell?
Why did I do it?
Yeah, Hank.
I will refuse to hate them even when they hate me.
All right, I uh...
Ella.
You've seen this slide before, but there's a change.
- Hey dad.
Security cameras?
We will use laughter, not roup of somebody - we like them, we understand them, we agree with them.
Now, these are us from inside the White House..
When you are older, much older.
It's not too late.
"If you show up, Love"
He wants to do the thing.
If you were with another man, be random.
One of the first contributions we had was from a woman called Nikki, who described growing up, being molested my her own father.
Let me guess, a grand sacrifice.
That great, awful wonderful world.
We've tried them on the phone by now, right?
Maybe she tries hard to fix other people's messy lives.
Cam?
I would give my viewpoints to people.
I've decided you can stick your job up your arses.
It was about puberty -- being difficult.
(Video) Voices: Five, four, three, two, one.
Ten, huh?
We leave for Arabia in the spring, and I couldn't leave without you.
Connectivity through digital technology is a modern miracle.
Let's go!
So really my concluding point is you may not agree with religion, but at the end of the day, religions are so subtle, so complicated, so intelligent in many ways that they're not fit to be abandoned to the religious alone; they're for all of us.
I asked that girl, "Would you teach them enough biotechnology to pass?"
What actually happened was the impulses were reduced.
I mean, it's funny how life turns out, innit?
Not such a bad idea.
You eat on the floor, you sleep on the floor, you work on the floor.
Last week alone, I got 238 pieces of nasty email and more hate tweets than I can even count.
Ella, I'm begging you, stay here.
- But I don't care about your life.
What's wrong, my son?
Soon.
Paxton, turn around!
You wanna take a ride?
You'll get bored alone here.
(Laughter) "You -- you're just not grateful."
Miss Waco.
Yeah, so I'm told.
Rat shit.
Hitler gave it to me at his farewell.
Viral Hepatitis at the Centers for Disease Control
Even the hardcoreuse washing machines.
Cracking under the pressure of not being me?
So without the controversy, that's cool thing number one.
Spare the German people, my Führer.
Scott.
A gentleman would at least offer to buy me a drink first.
Stop rubbing!
Humina, humina, humina.
Boss..who's that girl?
They are a proud race.
( Screams )
Right there.
This is the script that we've been given.
I thought celiac was a vegetable, and vegan, of course, was Mr. Spock's lost comrade in "Star Trek."
- Well then how do you breed then?
The baby of my daughter, I buried in our cemetery.
Because new scientific research has been able to show, objectively, repeatedly, which treatments actually get rid of symptoms and which do not.
For example, you could plot the flow of carbon through corporate supply chains in a corporate ecosystem, or the interconnections of habitat patches for endangered species in Yosemite National Park.
Where were you?
You caught my eye, and I've got a feeling I'm falling show me the ring and I'll jump right through.
Pass
- Ender, you're gonna leave our transporters defenseless!
You're getting that kid turned on.
But I've got limited visibility, here, Jack, due to low angle of Mission.
So they killed your whole family.
One service called My Next Tweet analyzes your entire Twitter stream, everything you've posted onto Twitter, to make some predictions as to what you might say next.
We need to do it for our own economy.
What if we stop to think about the consequence of the information that we pass on and its potential to incite violence or hatred?
Eh, I knew something was up with them two.
However, it's hard sometimes to remember the extent of that urbanization.
I understand that this is a very high stress time..
It takes to get it through your hearts, because when you get it through your heart, that is when movements are sparked.
Find them.
Now this is still kind of a radical idea.
Some of those reforms have been good.
Dead?
The water main.
But now, I would trade it all just to be able to watch you grow up to be the braνe and caring man I am certain you will become.
Now, there's no denying that there is a cost to living the American dream.
Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall.
My hope is that you will find the courage to put your oxygen mask on when you need to, and that you will find the strength to help those around you when you can.
Shh, shh!
In my work with cattle, I noticed a lot of little things that most people don't notice would make the cattle balk.
This belonged to Martin Hatto.
This is Lake Lanier. My friend Heidi Cullen said that if we gave droughts names the way we give hurricanes names, we'd call the one in the southeast now Katrina, and we would say it's headed toward Atlanta.
And they learned to think of this dog as a colleague.
The voices of those directly affected were at the forefront of the story -- not the voices of journalists or commentators on social media.
United in their fear of the unknown.
We will never get to grade them, never get to grade people as they should.
-(SNAPS FINGERS)
- No! No!
This is because the solar cell already harvests light from the ambient light.
- Please don't!
To a hero!
Pick it up.
Would it be less sad if she were old and ugly?
Everything's change.
Mom, sing me our little song
What I don't understand is why are there so many questions here about past relationships.
IT'S NOT THE PHONE.
There's your shit.
You have now completed the test.
What are you talking about?
There are a lot of ways to do this, and I like to focus on helping computers to talk about what they see and understand.
With four, you make a square, you make a pentagon, you make a hexagon, you make all these kind of polygons.
Conn pod door lock secure.
What is its connection? When was it last used in conversation?
RANGE:
I don't believe in sex before marriage, so why would we need that?
Isn't this Lucy's beloved fearless pig rider?
Our satellites show massive troop movements..
...can you...
How y'all doin' today?
You can do it when you want to!
It's a bad idea.
There are no appeals, and only 20 percent of the time does the employee win.
Everything else is secondary.
- That's enough.
If Ram doesn't study, then no one studies in this house.
And I swear I'll make you ruin every single pair of trousers in that wardrobe until you give your family some proper attention.
So how do you actually go around finding online criminals?
And if we want to know social media's effect on society, we need scientists, researchers and others to have access to this kind of information.
Humans escaping!
Grid 17.
And this, and then this.
Sir, follow me, please.
Flight 892 is now boarding.
Within 170 milliseconds of actually seeing a face.
In the late '40s, my dad -- a Pullman porter, son of a slave -- bought a house in the Hunts Point section of the South Bronx, and a few years later, he married my mom.
It's you who must decide whether to stay or go.
Alan should do it.
If they disembowel you, ask for Viktor.
No suits.
- And it they don't listen'!
We intercepted a Kaiju and saved everyone on that boat.
And I thought like, "Wow. I'm like, living in a science fiction movie.
Make ready.
- What the hell are you...
Deal!
What it takes is actually a very slow, unsexy process of minimal design decisions that then, when I'm lucky, lead to a good idea.
Well, the Daily Express.
Here we are.
Ready?
Are you ready?
And the great lesson there was that the real magic doesn't happen on paper.
(Laughter) And we recreated the tracking that led to the insights.
Oh, damn!
Jam.
Well, the kids loved the food.
No, you can really talk.
Hiding everywhere!
And the same blind spot continues even today in how well we can recognize different people's faces in facial recognition technology.
No, the warden round here's a Nazi.
What we should have done in Libya is we should have stuck to the U.N. resolution.
Didn't you bring anything for me?
I hear the prince is a right royal prick.
I raised Po for 20 years before I finally told him he was adopted.
Who's in this picture?
Or just turn it off.
Weareon fulllockdown.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
Doug, you up here, buddy?
She still has the needle marks on her arms to day to show for that.
Maybe it was about Danny?
Believe me I wanted to be.
Also, people like myself, we're fighting two battles on different grounds.
Mom lets me play in here.
ChopArt is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with additional programs in Hyderabad, India, and Accra, Ghana, and since our start in 2010, we've served over 40,000 teens worldwide.
One more time around the fountain.
(Laughter) Puppet strings.
Move!
We're not lost.
And I think when companies have diverse teams, and they have incredible women that are part of their engineering teams, they build awesome things, and we see it every day.
When they find out that we almost launched a nuclear attack..
- You mean they won't feel this?
Seems long ago.
There's three sections.
So we have visions like this.
We've thought a lot about these results.
You okay, Mr. President?
Put apes in danger!
Everything just went wrong.
(SIREN WAILING)
I want to share with you something my father taught me: no condition is permanent.
And in the lab, we were asking the question, "What are the biological differences between the brains of individuals who would be diagnosed as normal control, as compared with the brains of individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia, schizoaffective or bipolar disorder?"
That was a tasty little hors d'oeuvre.
- That'll be all for the day
But also, I worry about the West, because often in this country, in this Western world that we have, culture risks being a form of entertainment.
Now I know why I'm here.
(SPITS)
(Laughter) And this is of course a completely irresistible metaphor to a novelist, because we would all like to believe that the stuff that we write down on paper can change the actual world in which we're actually living, which is why my third book is called "Paper Towns".
Uh, hello, "Life In A Day."
He said, "The Business is on and I am trying to blah blah blah ..."
We know the change can't be in the sequence; if it changed sequence all the time, then we might be growing like, a new ear or a new eyeball every single day.
The Atlantic slave trade, occurring from the late 15th to the mid 19th century and spanning three continents, forcibly brought more than 10 million Africans to the Americas.
You have to do this!
On him, we found a detailed map showing Chunghae naval bases and our base
That's right, sir.
- You're coming with me.
This sign is the most frequently-occurring sign in the Indus script, and it's only in this text that it occurs as a doubling pair.
Heinous.
But America lost. We lost. And because of that, we made a big jump to recover it.
I mean low!
The massive efforts to create synthetic cells have made us world leaders at writing DNA.
Inside the triangle.
I'll take this one.
Finally, there's one of evening primrose that Bjorn Rorslett from Norway sent me -- fantastic hidden pattern.
They're set aside.
The hell, you say.
You're super smart.
Come on!
Who do you love a lot?
Make him happy.
Indu, you are mistaking me.
In fact, this whole system carries through with the way that the typeface was designed.
I'm too old.
I was like a man-child, and as liberating as it often was, I struggled.
The alpha species.
But that wasn't easy.
They compared Dreyfus's handwriting to that on the memo and concluded that it was a match, even though outside professional handwriting experts were much less confident in the similarity, but never mind that.
That'll be $32.50.
Everything I selected.
But the choice that we don't have is a no climate change future.
I think you might get a random jumble of letters that looks like this.
Actually, exactly the opposite is what I'm going to do.
- Hate you have for men.
Take care!
Well, this air is a really stable molecule that will literally be part of the air once it's released, for the next 300 to 400 years, before it's broken down.
Instead of drop caps, there's nothing at all.
So one of the best ways for businesses to help ensure their own growth, their own longevity, is to meet some of the hardest challenges in our society and to do so profitably.
Good. Photo IDs, please.
Hanuman is an incarnation of Shiva.
The atoms that make up solids, liquids, and gases are moving all the time.
But right now, with atmospheric warming, the permafrost is thawing and draining.
Do you want this?
Now, I was paid in dollars as a consultant, and I looked at my income tax return and tried to ask myself: "Is there a line in my return, which shows how much of this income has gone to the people whose knowledge has made it possible?
GRANNY'S PEACH TEA
They're drifting outward!
Good morning, lovely ladies.
Be calm.
So we had to somehow recruit and activate millions of citizens in dozens of countries to put pressure on their leaders to behave altruistically.
With a 60% rise in child obesity globally over just two decades, the problem is too significant to ignore.
Players who didn't smile in their pictures lived an average of only 72.9 years, where players with beaming smiles lived an average of almost 80 years.
And let me be even clearer about this: population cannot be seen in isolation from production or consumption.
Tonight, I'm buying.
You mean to kill Stannis.
I gotta be there in seven hours.
A group has come at a time to get sign on cheques.
You still don't get it, do you?
- You know the tricks?
- What does it mean?
No, Okkoto!
Twenty-five years later This will be his turn.
Fine, fine.
Bring them up the line.
You're done.
You're late.
Well, unlike Professor No Nuts over there,
6 of you, huh?
It could blow up the whole house.
You can do it if you're brave.
Who do you want to be?
He doesn't know the Endurance docking procedure.
You said that...
Meaning a lover of humanity
...it IS you.
(Bell Rings)
You could have taken all of them two moves earlier.
Started by a tight-knit Black community near Charleston, South Carolina, the Charleston permeated dance halls where young women suddenly had the freedom to kick their heels and move their legs.
My God, it's unbelievable.
And this pressure forces the seawater through a membrane.
I haven't got time for this.
Look after my kids, Donald!
You cannot get married until then.
- Look. There he is again.
What ever you do, he turns into his favour.
(Laughter) So when I say, "Let's start talking more about these wonderful entrepreneurs," I mean, let's talk about their ventures, just as we do the ventures of their much younger counterparts.
Ciao, bellos!
What do you see?
You have to take off your shoes.
How much? Enough to get us to the Global Goals?
They believed that what made them vulnerable made them beautiful.
And for some time, he was convinced this was the reason we got along so well.
Man: This program is wonderful.
I think we should wait.
Well, I think nothing could be further from the truth.
I'm gonna take care of it.
(Laughter) Finally fulfilling a lifelong dream.
One of my rebuild Metropolis crews found it.
So he kind of investigated what are the characteristics of cities in the Netherlands and combined a couple of those, and this is what he created.
A beautiful lie.
And I'm thinking, no, this is not possible.
And I would go as far as to say that every equation is like this, every mathematical equation where you use that equality sign is actually a metaphor.
Why don't you search For a boy yourself?
We gotta get him in that corner.
No, you don't understand, he's trying to get me!
We tipped him, and I have not even seen.
These dynamics are not only unjust, they are setting us up for failure.
I will not talk into your fake microphone until you address me by my name.
Fast-forward a generation: this is the one-room schoolhouse, Oak Grove, where my father went to a one-room schoolhouse.
-Danny?
It's the best day ever.
What did you say to him?
Why is it that I am the only one who sees them?"
Listen, my number one son, you'll get to spend some quality time with Daddy, straight after Daddy gets back from closing a big fucking deal with the man from the council.
As a black woman, I've had to develop extraordinary resilience to succeed.
That's her mistake.
What we do is teach our kids the things they shouldn't do: don't hit; don't bite; don't swear.
OK?
Nine
Rahul always tells about you.
So we created a factory system consistent with that false view of human nature.
So we cannot continue to have Louis Botha, Rhodes, all these people, because they're representing the colonialism.
- Am I clear? - Sir!
No, not at this moment.
Global citizens together with Rotarians called on the Canadian, UK, and Australian governments to boost their investment into polio eradication.
Different people see things differently -- different viewpoints.
Things could be better.
Sam looked absolutely stunning, like a Hollywood film star from the '50s.
I didn't know what to do, but I had a camera, I faced the fire.
What else did you put the money in to?
Isn't that what you said to me on the phone?
I left something in the...
On a plane.
Do you copy?
It bothers me that you have done that.
I was told he was here.
Will you just calm down?
They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant Direwolf.
God, you're so...
"Because I have to exchange your father's underwear."
The tabloid press made the story about gender.
I finished the fight solo, but for three hours..
Hello, pussy.
Like Sardinian villagers, it's a biological imperative to know we belong, and not just the women among us.
It's also good with credit.
You don't think nature can be evil?
It's her!
Simple things, like apologizing.
And when I came in, I had needs.
Don't worry about that.
But you have to wear this.
( Whispers, mimicking ) "We're lannisters.
She didn't even know her own identity
Check if they have an appointment with a Mr Vincent Swan.
My wife's ill. I've got no money. What can I do?"
We developed these novel actuators for the joints, so it's compliant.
And to be really, really honest about it, not be in denial about any results that you see, because if you have something you love, you want to push it forward, but you have to be very, very honest about that factor on timing.
We walked down to the local park, messed around on the swings, played some silly games.
The line on the bottom shows then shows the change in chemistry.
"Yes, I knew it! No real man has hips like those."
Up close and personal.
He's got the softest hands. Thank you.
Art is not supposed to change the world, to change practical things, but to change perceptions.
So what we're looking at is each point represents one microbial community from one body site of one healthy volunteer.
Silent Me...
- That place that you were talking about.
So what if he's old.
For other women, the hymen may tear a bit to make room for the penis, but that won't make it disappear.
Highly decorated.
AND IF THEY COULD PUT HIM AT THE JOB, THEN THEY COULD PUT OTHER PEOPLE AT THE JOB.
It took a village to help me study metastasis.
Do you sacrifice one person to save five?
My Führer, Lord von Greim and I have decided to die with you here.
You add all this up together, and of course people are apathetic.
But, hey!
Next to him is John McCrea, who was an inker for Spiderman.
Maybe not.
Cover with your left, strike hard with your right.
Noodle Squad!
I can't accept that. you're going to have to accept that.
Hey, congrats./ Thank you.
Don't wanna talk about my family, Mr. Wells.
Like most criminals, you have a paranoid personality.
The guy's dead, Cam.
Ravana!
Because food is one issue that cannot be solved person by person, nation by nation.
You're in my house.
My dumb ass didn't believe the stories.
I looked at that giant monster and said to myself -- "I am not going to lock myself on that bench the whole day!"
Poor person got drenched in my vomit like in rain.
There was fear: what if something happened to the fetus during the study?
Secondly, this concept.
But we're not gonna hurt you.
In theory, Liberia's public health services are free of charge.
I had a thumb, I had 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- met a lover -- and back in the '80s, found it necessary to begin work on AIDS organizations.
If we don't play it by our rules, we're the same as them.
The drummer of the company sounds like thunder.
You know what?
I have never eaten these things.
Like swinging a periscope around.
Colonel Rick Flag.
The silent silent partner.
I'll take one too, and we'll do this together.
This is who we are.
If you were making a TV show, it didn't have to be better than all other TV shows ever made; it only had to be better than the two other shows that were on at the same time -- which is a very low threshold of competitive difficulty.
No, three
Now we're on the upswing.
So you're probably asking yourself: Why aren't we doing something about it?
I'd prefer not to start another.
And my favorite example of that occurred beginning in 1976, when it was discovered that the bacteria causing Legionnaires disease had always been present in natural waters, but it was the precise temperature of the water in heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems that raised the right temperature for the maximum reproduction of Legionella bacillus.
"Intriguing," right?
These are the anthers of a lily, cleverly done so that when the unsuspecting insect lands on it, the anther flips up and whops it on the back with a great load of pollen that it then goes to another plant with.
So world class isn't just about technical performance.
I had a major heart operation.
I like to get past the fur, the feathers and the scales.
Don't yell.
And I got happy, of course -- a 1.8 right answer out of five possible.
Madi, dear, are you tired?
- Dr. Mann?
I told you...
- You've already asked me that.
I think you're afraid of me.
Stick it out.
So I want change gears.
It literally translates to "death to mother and child."
I'm getting a little light...
What if a computer can help us understand the thoughts of a person in a coma?
He watched you the whole time.
But that was hard.
Get out of the way!
I needed something to take me out of my pain, an objective to look forward to.
- I'm glad I caught you.
Claimed until his dying day that an evil spirit made him do it.
Your dead men seem to have moved camp.
I'm absolutely sure!
And culture. Culture is the most important thing, I would say, because that's what brings joy to life.
I'm a science writer.
- That's so sweet.
You cut yourself on the reef.
We're the three best friends that anyone can have.
I want more.
Hi, I'm Mark. This is my wife, Lorna.
But there is one place in the world where men live as long as women.
HP: (In Chinese) YR: If I may, I would like to tell you a little bit about myself and my artwork.
Collectively, we deploy tens of thousands of community paralegals.
Oprah, chill with the interrogation.
He gave up Shaw's hideout.
And in the movie, they've got a great scene in there, where the word "shoe" is said, and a whole bunch of '50s and '60s shoes pop into my imagination.
No, you can't take Po away from me.
Oh, how cute.
That is not how you win.
..2, 1.
[ COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING ]
What do I think about us?
We had a chance to visit many of the Inuit communities in Greenland that now face huge challenges.
Hundreds of thousands or millions of people being able to coinhabit the same space.
Their cooperation is very rigid.
Turns out to be a little bit higher.
That's the troubling part.
Mr. President, I wish the pen were mightier than the sword, I do.
But a poll taken in the UK, for example, in August 2014, estimated that 1.2 million people had watched the beheading of James Foley in the few days after it was released.
Go!
(Laughter) I thought it was pretty awesome.
- We're not lost, are we, Vincent?
Take your pick, sir
Now point.
Want to know the percentage of people who sleep on it and call you back?
A small gift, for the new Khaleesi-- songs and histories from the Seven Kingdoms.
The only way for us to be together is if you don't pull the trigger.
What if we asked, instead of "Where are you from?" -- "Where are you a local?"
You know, what I do is write for children, and I'm probably America's most widely read children's author, in fact.
Everything turns bad here.
I wouldn't know
That's it.
You're going up for adoption.
About last night.
At a time when unreliable compuntire rooms, the AGC needed to operate without any errors, and fit in one cubic foot of space.
Do you still do the whole voice of God thing?
For instance, whoue and what's false?
Over the last couple of years, we've seen a real push towards greater transparency when it comes to company ownership.
So I went to his aunt, who is the contact that I have for him.
WELL, YOU NEVER KNOW WITH YOUR JOB.
Out there?
You have an obligation to stay do his duty.
And that fear will turn to hatred.
Collignon, down the john.
GORDON:
No, it wasn't a violent crime.
Did you do it before or after you ruined my life?
This is not your party, you toothless vermin.
You gonna make me?
The best part of her story is that she is now back at Bodhi Tree as a trainer working with dedication to make a change in the lives of others like her.
It's no longer the gods, it's us. We're in the driving seat.
Now we're going to all do this together.
And still... he kept sending those letters.
Nothing!
Raghav told me everything last night in his drunken state.
I said, "I'll tell you what. Use the method of the grandmother."
Open your eyes!
Many things!
These lucky pricks don't know it yet, but in the coming months
Its another way saying its not from this world, Clark.
I chose this word because I felt so em I could just design a garment from my home and then print it by myself.
So many people that I talk to about this issue, they can relate and they have a story, but they're not telling anyone their story.
And because you're my cousin,
Adults should be getting at least  children a whole hour per day.
First, there's a group of people who that the Indus script does not represent a language at all.
Absolutely, Philip.
I'm too old to travel.
(ALARM BEEPING)
Well, the current world population is around 7 billion.
Where did you want to be?
- He's out.
Chaos.
Effect on doping tests
If you have a press card, you have to wait outside.
The secret to peace is us.
And these particular woods are not far from London.
There is no time to train anyone else.
So what is thinking in pictures?
Let's just say I'm Frankenstein's monster.
Looks refreshing.
I guess I'm still hip in Korea.
Don't bring us dogging then!
I agree with you, general.
No, no, no, I can't believe that.
General Zod, for the crimes of murder and high treason.
Yeah, oh, woman. Big Brian needs woman.
Sorry, work.
Have you already forgotten?
And we needed the extra money.
Alright now, push off.
You'll look for it?
Gaps are greatest in secondary school classrooms.
And on the other hand, which ones are omitted?
So, I just encourage you, as you are all thinking about the next big thing, as entrepreneurs, as CEOs, as engineers, as makers, that you think about the unintended consequences of the things that you're building, because the real innovation is in finding ways to include everyone.
Perhaps the most fundamental way in which the third side can help is to remind the parties of what's really at stake.
On the distribution side, though, as a world, we have a lot of work to do.
People can tear it, tag on it, or even pee on it -- some are a bit high for that, I agree -- but the people in the street, they are the curator.
What's the kind of technique?
Finally, the last thing is: Thinking in a cross-disciplinary way.
I want to make the case to you today that the world's future depends on global citizens.
Come on!
Stories are what we use to transmit knowledge.
Closing the number 34.
It stands for Self-excited Tripedal Dynamic Experimental Robot.
Nonviolent campaigns are also less likely to cause physical harm to those waging the campaign, as well as their opponents.
Like I said, I'm new, so I literally can't help you.
He's a concerned citizen.
I honestly don't know if he was making an agreement with your government, turning over information that could jeopardize my operations.
And when that happens, the opportunities ...
There was photographic recall inside the children, I suspect because they're discussing with each other.
NO, MY DAUGHTER'S GETTING MARRIED TODAY, YOU IDIOT.
So, I was interested in these two rollers, and I actually wanted more, so I borrowed another mouse from a friend -- never returned to him -- and I now had four rollers.
The others like me.
Who are you working for?
So you wanted more than you had and you took it.
Fuck.
Bonzo!
Thirty billion dollars, that's larger than the entire bilateral aid budget going to Africa per year.
It's your fucking brother, Reggie, what's he gonna do?
Watch your stern!
Ender, they want me to talk you into going back.
Stop them!
- Don't tell anyone you saw me.
Let her touch your feet first.
It was in orbit around the Wormhole.
. ♪ Quiver like a bowstring's pulse ♫ .
Just to look at it.
I only hope you're ready to face the fire!
She's out there... setting up camp.
What will happen to him?
And here you can see that it's walking over unstructured terrain.
We need backup!
In 2009, I received a frantic call in the middle of the night.
Three
But what if you could capture more than one moment in a photograph?
They said culture.
About a week later we had a problem with the machine, related actually to these bits of wire here -- these gold wires.
That is compensated for by their fervent belief in the final victory.
No, there's serious issues in the region.
And I'm talking about if you've got a baby now, or if you've got a 10-year-old now.
She really believed that.
Wait...wait... I've a small wish before I die!
A lot of models come from science.
There were 100 electrodes.
And the dementia ate out the language parts of the brain.
Lungi dance. Lungi dance. Lungi dance. Lungi dance.
Said not to come back without the baby's medicine.
We'll fix it.
I must ask someone a bike and flatter atleast 2 girls.
Do not go near the smelly
Right here.
The marshal has his reasons.
Learn the language I use to describe my identity.
They are coming!
He's still here, somewhere.
I'm not going to tell you how many times it took us to make that happen.
Whether you like it or not,
Get in the car.
So this is a coffee machine. Just takes a few hundred rupees.
(RADIO CHATTER)
I would like to offer you a job.
I hate my dad.
The guy I bought it from at the liquor store.
But those who stopped them... even more so!
It really is, you know.
Already?
And what if there's no GPS?
New York, before I was born.
...and 30 makes 50.
And we've got to mentor them, hire them.
You'd better not be screwing our son's schoolteacher. Jesus, Sam, calm down.
Taken a week ago.
You're thieves!
Tell who?
It's pretty darn remarkable.
What do we have to get to to achieve the Global Goals?
They take real-time data and immediately feed it back into the product.
Forget about this headache and go have fun."
I'd feel like a lama spinning an empty prayer-wheel.
Sir..sir..
There is still hope, I have held that hope in my hand.
And that's going to keep happening.
Go to your damn Katja and take your friends with you!
And so we just sat there, calm and quiet like we've always done.
It's big, but it ain't nothing but a kitchen.
I guess because I'm from Tanzania I have a responsibility to welcome all of you once again.
We want the same thing.
This picture is a typical seasonal grassland.
I mean, these are journalists who never write about pigs.
God bless the dead?
It's that little voice that says to me, "Hey, you've got to remember to pick up bananas on your way home.
We brought in a team from the UK -- a lot of great refrigeration people, it turns out, in the UK -- and built a test rig, and proved that, in fact, we could make a low-pressure, nontoxic refrigerator.
The desert is there, sand dunes, some small field.
We can get you.
That means that rich countries need to get down to zero emissions within 6 to 12 years, with today's emission speed.
We lost contact with Bravo.
As I held him in my arms, shaking and sobbing from the rush of oxytocin that flooded my body, my mother was already preparing to feed me.
He's hungry.
If burning fossil fuels was so bad that it threatened our very existence, how could we just continue like before?
Tom will be all right, but you got to make things right with Murph.
DO NOT COME IN!
Officer, will you move aside?
- seven...
But we came across a new phenomenon.
Still very nervous.
And this whole phenomenon of having short bursts of time to get things done reminds me of another thing that doesn't work when you're interrupted, and that is sleep.
Who said anything about a fucking bomb?
I'm on for secrecy.
Control yourself, man.
And I think one of the biggest, most impactful changes in the way we live our lives, to the ways we're educated, probably even to how we end up making an income, is about to come not from AI, not from space travel or biotech -- these are all very important future inventions -- but in the next five years, I think it's going to come from video games.
And then there was the hospital that continued to bill a dead man.
Dentsu and Studio Ghibli
Armageddon, it's upon us.
Just tell me that you'll think about it.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
[ DOOR CREAKS AND CLOSES ]
So-so, it seems.
In fact, those with the most amazing superpowers are actually children, who smile as many as 400 times per day.
As far as we can tell, the officers genuinely believed that the case against Dreyfus was strong.
Look at the pretty lights!
I'm poison this morning!
I don't...
I believe that information should and can be fun, portable.
95 percent.
(Laughter) That's why Shakespeare puts all that stuff in Hamlet -- Ophelia going mad, the play within the play, and Yorick's skull, and the gravediggers.
Our people depend on our artists, and culture is beyond communication.
[BULLIES LAUGHING]
Well, the subject of difficult negotiation reminds me of one of my favorite stories from the Middle East, of a man who left to his three sons, 17 camels.
Should I know you?
I could tell you were nervous that day.
And I can't serve you
Stop...stop...
Hey, Duke.
We're going through the roof.
I think probably just leave when I'm good and ready.
Stand by to fire.
Somebody's big boys.
But women do not live to tell their tale and instead end up in unmarked graves.
One other very positive consequence of 20th century technology, though, was the way in which other kinds of calamities could lead to positive advances.
The fearless pig rider from across the globe!
You would take me everywhere you go.
(Laughter) Three, we all know it's an odd number.
You don't think he's putting us at risk?
In 2009, I lost someone I loved very much.
I shall pass, thank you kindly.
[ KNOCKS SOFTLY ]
The first thing Sasha's doing is getting the water hot to put a hot cloth on his face.
Especially during daylight savings time.
ESD: We are medical students, sexual health workers and the authors of "The Wonder Down Under."
Well, it's tricky.
How'd you know it wasn't Harry?
In fact, even the sensory information that your eyes are receiving, your ears are receiving, is completely meaningless because it could mean anything.
Adios, Sparrow.
I want you.
So, the four-wheel drive vehicles at the headquarters drive the ministers, the permanent secretaries, the bureaucrats and the international aid bureaucrats who work in aid projects, while the poor die without ambulances and medicine.
You want mozzarella on bread?
Wow.
FUCKING...
What's wrong with you?
The number one reason is stress.
I love the way the little tendrils are coming out from the word "painful."
And while I appreciated the sentiment, I actually needed the deadlines.
And so close to Florida.
OK, let's go.
Ride or die, remember?
So this is a bracket of an A380 crew rest compartment.
His name's Jesse.
"As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.
It's really silly of me.
So the key for me was to translate this feeling of walking on a staircase back to flat land.
Go to YouTube now and search "Mirando is F-U-C-K-E-D."
No one, Jesus!
And they said, "Can we touch it?"I said, "If you wish to."
I'd be a marriage counselor.
Be a mentor.
Even if you take 1 extra second
Governesses used it to train their wards to jump rope.
My Little Lotus.
And we were alarmed to find that these shell companies had quickly flipped many of the assets on for huge profits to major international mining companies listed in London.
The US government spends 10 times more every year on cancer research than on Alzheimer's despite the fact that Alzheimer's costs us more and causes a similar number of deaths each year as cancer.
Almost two-thirds of people over 60 around the world say they have trouble accessing healthcare.
And I was sure this was gonna be a disaster.
Then I got out there for that kind secrets cleans easily.
At the same time, they've insisted on standards and regulation, which has led to fast consensus and therefore, fast adoption.
He said, "No, no, no. Here's a better way."
That's why I'm here.
Now we treat 100,000 patients a year in our projects.
Mundo!
And then your cousin says, "Hey coz, check out this website.
In the end, the reality broke through.
"Rub my back," my daughter says when I tuck her in.
Lachamma lost her egg...
Tell us who.
I've got a tip.
And where I was bad was algebra.
- He exposed a temporary weakness.
Work began to define you at that time in an overwhelmingly equalizing manner, and all the systems started to feel less reliable to me, almost too thick to hold on to the diversity of mankind and the human need to progress and grow.
and what the other side can use against you.
Man: and the music will be light jazz as you've requested.
This allows us to create a bridge between those people who we influence: family, friends and those young people who still believe that crime and money are related.
And I talked about cancer, but where disease goes, so do immune cells.
"No." She explained, "The man" -- I have to tell you as she did, because it loses something if I don't, you know -- "he come to the window, and he does a thing like this, which tells me he's pretty old, you know.
And so I saw the Black Sea for the first time.
We didn't know it, but by then it was too late.
No more, no less.
Where is it?
The last components of our one versatile ship in orbit, the Endurance.
The children too.
So we humans have an extraordinary potential for goodness, but also an immense power to do harm.
They always have better firepower, stronger numbers.
...it's the difference between a tenth and a half second but in battle, that's a long time...
Their telomeres weren't shortening as time marched on.
But even sisters, wives, they're not ready to support in the research.
CA: Now, you're a philanthropist, and you're ready to commit some of your own wealth to this.
Don't worry sir.
And so my research group at the Media Lab has been developing a series of inventions to give us access to this information in a sort of easy way, without requiring that the user changes any of their behavior.
- Let go of me!
Everybody knows it!
This is the car
It was called the Lungi dance.
Louis Blanchard, 37 years old with a long list of priors.
But I will also show you the parents' uncertainties.
Charles and I find the mutants.
So learn to respect words.
- YOU STILL HERE?
So we know that some urban planners are using it as a sketching tool, so while the simulation is not completely realistic, it is realistic enough that if something works in the game, it is highly likely that it will also work in the real world, so that you can actually try out things, see if this intersection might fit this kind of a situation.
(Laughter) We like to laugh. We like to celebrate life.
(Applause) Onward!
Anoint these with a drop of Hope's blood.
NHH: Great, so we can see there's a small tear there on the meniscus, but otherwise it looks alright.
The second is giving extra money to people who get their master's degree.
(ALL SCREAMING)
This was not the job.
Very well.
My job was to solve them.
Surely no one would argue that there are certain physical demands a wife can request of a husband, and Ann asks you that you address these issues right now.
We are the ones who have Okja.
It's a personal matter.
Letty!
Which is why I will always outsell you in any sales environment.
He is not going to fail, not without our help.
LISA:
Let's load that up!
I want your boss.
And these people, a handful of people, have been working for 20 years, looking for particles that may or may not exist.
- Okay.
If you want to be alone, we understand.
Based on Darpa jet fighter neural systems.
Sure you can not possibly help.
Hello, Jimmy.
Indu.
They're empty.
You left the front door open, Hank.
His classroom sometimes shook with the sound of bombs and shelling, and his mother told me, "Every day, I would say to him every morning, 'Honey, please don't go to school.'" And when he insisted, she said, "I would hug him as if it were for the last time."
Let's stop this for the next generations.
He gave a talk about how education and school kill creativity.
'My world' tells us why the sun rises, why we were born.
And these costs are really at the heart of the issue.
And the model that we're working with in hospitals, and also with many, many different buildings, is to keep the outdoors out.
Goodbye, Mrs. Finnerty.
Then we'll ambush them from both land and sea
- He said the same thing I did.
My parents got me this necklace for my birthday.
OK, here's what I want you to do.
How?
You did that?
Echo and attribute.
Hey, if you like a girl, can you light her cigarette with your pinkie?
Earl's about to speak, and he's about as exciting as watching' paint dry.
When she gets back, tell her Madame Rossetti wants to see her at once.
We get you out there, all-right.
And it's because of this that the medical specialty of pediatrics came to light.
"This void will stay with me..."
I'm working.
I just thought since we...
Fuck me. That's incredible news.
- Hey, you know what?
I would, if I were Parmenion.
Andy was a regular cottage industry.
Yes, sir, I have noticed that.
No, you ain't seen nothing yet.
We're going home.
And then I thought out of curiosity I'd like to go and live and work and just see what a village is like.
Don't shoot!
Hold on tight.
- The Trident controls the seas.
You're the one who said put my money in bullshit real estate.
Ideal for ground and air transport.
The rocks? No, no.
Fire!
Even in the slums of India more than 50 percent of urban kids are going into private schools.
I'm very happy.
Imagine that.
So you do it again.
Get back!
How awful!
"Caressing my cheek slight-"
Widows in India like my grandmother, thousands of them, live in a city called Vrindavan.
And on top of that, we can put East Europe, we can put East Asia, and we put South Asia.
And then you've got the word minds; they make great journalists, and they also make really, really good stage actors.
A top quartile teacher will increase the performance of their class -- based on test scores -- by over 10 percent in a single year.
But remember ...
It's easy to see that my son was a victim of the 14-year-old, a little bit complicated to see that he was a victim of American society.
There's a hole here, and I shut this.
Someone just said baby.
The pressure to win, day after day...
- Are you going with them?
(Darking and Snarling)
(Laughter) Well, it seems to get the point across.
Sir.. Carol, we have to end this. We have to.
So I take this dog to Zambia, and I pair him with these scouts who don't have any history of having pets or being with dogs except throwing rocks at village dogs.
This is crazy, I mean...
The fossil fuels that are buried that we're burning took millions of years for the earth to bury those, including those ancestors of Prochlorococcus, and we're burning that now in the blink of an eye on geological timescales.
I experience exponentially.
Anton!
I mean, the press in Ivory Coast was bitterly divided -- it was compared to the media in Rwanda before the genocide -- so imagine.
By the way, that's "Sputnik." I ran it last year.
Where are the boys?
It seems like magic or cheating, but actually, it's just quantum physics in action.
Oh. All right,
- Right?
And what seems to have happened here is that the Indus traders, the merchants, were using this script to write a foreign language.
Now we didn't write this app.
Comes back, goes into the village, says, "Well what's the story?"
These trout, it's me that I caught.
Now, what stands in the way of this?
Where to, fellas?
Any which way I may look, that fort and property belongs to you only.
If you don't have that, you don't have understanding.
One look, that's all I needed.
No, I don't know nothin'.
That doesn't really seem like it makes a lot of sense, to me.
It's the first time.
Not up in here!
Inspector...
But there are places where you just can't paste on a wall.
We've all heard of the Casual Friday thing.
Either way, you gotta be super smart to count cards, buddy./ Oh, really?
You talk about him a lot.
And they expect that out of the government.
Brooks. "
What has been my challenge?
Small cut
Serozha!
GET THE BAG!
I'll just have to rewire.
New rules.
It was torn up in a wastepaper basket, but when they pieced it back together, they discovered that someone in their ranks had been selling military secrets to Germany.
God's personal love-letter.
Behind the "Dot Collector" is a computer that is watching.
Your turn.
- RIGHT.
I can't help it.
I'll let you get back to your eternal peace.
(Laughter) Feed you good. You'll help me out.
It was used on knobs and levers to tell them what to do.
No, I'm okay.
I've known it all along.
While it's on its way, you call him to give him the code.
That is my pocket Walt Whitman.
(Laughter) Composers know that.
These raised up platforms just like this stage.
Genocide is a systematic and deliberate destruction of a racial, political, religious or ethnic group.
It's a skill and I'm good at it.
We were scared, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
Maybe some of you dreamed of working on space travel.
There's a real difference between an unfortunate and a loser, and that shows 400 years of evolution in society and our belief in who is responsible for our lives.
So we met.
I had Mr Mozart to keep me company?
I'm not, though.
Go to the corner of fong and tull.
God has given us freedom.
It promised that if they could distinguish between good and evil.
We loved the same art, the same documentaries, the same music.
Let's go, guys.
'My life was in his clutches'
Art should be one of the tools by which we improve our society.
For I will be in the very thick of battle with you.
He makes a mockery of Dionysus every night.
The guy who tried to kill me is heading towards the ICU.
Did you know that?
But previously it's only been created for large-scale farms, so Ami Tabar took this and modularized it down to an eighth of an acre.
I'll take full responsibility
You don't have millions and millions of dollars, but you can call your representatives, and you can remind them that you vote, and you can ask not to be treated like a thief, and you can suggest that you would prefer that the Internet not be broken.
She bolted!
Standing by.
I didn't.
- I'll see ya.
Get back in your corner.
I have had a very stressful day.
And there will be kids on the fence getting good seats.
So much of what is happening in the Middle East is washing up quite literally onto European shores.
General..
And so once we know where the girls are, we actually start the process of bringing them back into school.
( Echoing calls )
He'll find a way.
That was the only reason anyone ever did anything.
Similarly..our meeting will be a lie too.
Whoa!
Please tell me if that is not true.
It might.
Right here.
It's an Indian story about an Indian woman and her journey.
Jinx, cousin to Storm Shadow,
And then, when I was actually observing him walking to his dining table, it struck me, this man who finds it so difficult to walk on flat land, how does he climb a staircase?
But like the potatoes in Ireland and the wheat in the Dust Bowl... the corn will die.
I really want to see that face.
This is how a democracy works.
How many crimes you've committed using my name and power!
You can't run from it.
In my view, such an extension of the Internet can only work if it's almost energy-neutral.
How might they use this data to align their environmental and economic interests?
- Should we shoot him?
We're comin' in too fast.
But then one author arrived, and he changed the game forever.
Come on, Colts, let's beat that team!
Whoo-hoo!
Each day, we took a different route so that no one would suspect where we were going.
You didn't vote for me?
- Congratulations on your new appointment.
Moving carefully is the hard way, but it's the right way.
Their impact on the world was not much greater than that of jellyfish or fireflies or woodpeckers.
- What do you mean, "he"?
Damned!
He seems very pleased to see me.
Surrender, Whorethy.
If they don't die, we'll be dead.
- Sir, if I were to ever get out,
A, made the floor too slanty, food kept sliding off the plates and B, did not get James Cameron's permission.
This is all mumbo-jumbo if you can't show it on the ground."
There it was, dancing the night away at an LCD Soundsystem concert, traveling with my brother and best friend or with a college buddy on a boys' trip to meet a group of great guys I never met before.
Take care of Bobby.
And you also want to think about things like quality of life.
Now, Ronnie, isn't it about time you and I went into business together?
It doesn't fire bullets.
There's something like 870,000 comments and growing on that last post.
All of these countries once used Arabic.
You can make the baby poop.
Christian!
But the picture that I'll paint for you today is one that's mixed.
That's my boy.
I'm going to need direct access to your live feed citywide.
My feet are sore.
Here's Miller's planet.
-That is so cool.
I'm not blinking!
I went to a few bars first.
She can't say Rud either.
So lesson number one is, "Go back to bed."
- No, no. - Nobody saw you at the house?
This is the winner.
I'm grateful.
NdeR M@nkÖÖ
Why are you here?
In other words, good Hindus and good Jews don't act this way.
But eyes alone
- Arya!
Make sure nothing's missing.
You son of a bitch!
It's certainly true that it would be lovely to have new medicines.
Yep, that seems to be all good.
If you do, be genuine. Be honest, up-front.
[ALARM BEEPING]
The strikes were almost surgical.
I can't really remember.
People will assume it is for asthma
"Even if we drink water...
In this case, illustrations by Pablo Picasso, moving across the page and breaking the gutter of the two pages.
So that's my fusion reactor in the background there.
Open the goddamn door!
- So this is where old entertainers go to die.
I'll give it 6 months.
And we'll make ourselves wrong and others wrong.
Canal Street.
- Forget all that.
Suddenly, the burden of proof for legal versus illegal falls affirmatively on us and on the services that might be offering us any new capabilities.
Is that...?
It's like reading its diary, not only telling us how it got through its day or its week, but even its evolutionary history.
What shall we do now?
So for that last 25 years that's how we've been operating.
I received your letter and wanted to let you know that I'm on my way down to Texas.
But there's other hotspots worth studying.
Wake up, Sparrow.
You're a brave woman, my dear.
Fasten your seat belt.
This has to be reported.
Well, then, wh-who--
Where do refugee hearts go?
while he was in that chair.
- I like the blond.
And then the second behavior is, if I tap the leaf, the entire branch seems to fall down.
Mr. Speaker, I have the vice president for you.
I have a question.
Then, my dear Leonard, I will never to atone for my sins.
Half the White House is just gone.
I said, "Hey, John.
Thank you, Forbes.
I'm here to talk to you about how globalized we are, how globalized we aren't, and why it's important to actually be accurate in making those kinds of assessments.
Does it mean the problem is over? The answer is no.
Regardless of points already scored.
We need to get the hell out of Dodge!
One wants to say, "Nonsense. Why not?"
- I don't believe you're a coward. - Please leave me sister.
Not just on vacation.
one night, like a joke,
I dressed her in her favorite purple dress, and here she was, about to accompany me to serve this one-year sentence behind bars.
Copy that, sir.
So this neglected space became a constructive one, and people's hopes and dreams made me laugh out loud, tear up, and they consoled me during my own tough times.
I should teach it, they should learn it, Case closed."
And Pelle's all alone.
This methodology, I believe, has a potential.
Don't move.
Bonobos have frequent and promiscuous sex to manage conflict and solve social issues.
I know that you two had a quarrel... but if you could please patch up...
And then you worked out your strategy, and you came and fought the next day, and you went back home again.
It's working!
- You come with me.
I walked out of the embassy with this piece of paper in my hand, a hop in my step, smile on my face, knowing that my life is about to change.
I'm gonna help you, okay?
In case I haven't been clear, sooner or later,
[LOST...
Just tell me if he had a knife.
And the sad fact is that at any given time, more than one in five Americans will report that they're lonely.
Is it true they lie with their horses?
Pray you never learn... just how good it can be to see another face.
Any fool would understand it.
Cox by name, cock by nature.
)We WON!
- But how beautiful a myth it was.
Thank you for your ministry.
Now, this is the good stuff.
Fine, I will apologize.
If I agree straight away, they'll think we are starving.
We can't afford so much tobacco.
And could you imagine that instead of being frightened of each other, that we all just said, "Let's do this.
Why not make myself a low-cost napkin?
The insects and other species can take the pollen, transfer it directly to where it's required.
More protein than a hunter's family could eat before it rotted.
None of us were able to go to Europe, but Jaisalmer was well connected to it.
I spoke up a little more at work.
ANNOUNCER: (ON PA) All squads, gear up and clear the L.Z.
You don't look disabled."
The underwater part was captured in a stone pit.
But if human beings can't explain themselves, the tasks are called non-routine, and they're thought to be out reach.
I don't want to be his Queen.
-How thin?
They rallied behind him.
She said, "Get off your throne. Money is green."
And truth is, I could have been just as dead as both of them.
You didn't think that when I asked to be your partner.
And they're doing this at huge scale after President Lula declared his goal of ensuring everyone had three meals a day.
So by matching color, contrast and brightness in the borders between the different images, adding photographic defects like depth of field, desaturated colors and noise, we erase the borders between the different images and make it look like one single image, despite the fact that one image can contain hundreds of layers basically.
I want to tell you about Omar, a five-year-old Syrian refugee boy who arrived to the shore on Lesbos on a crowded rubber boat.
Hi, Dad.
[Open] And this openness was really the fundamental part of La Cura.
We'll talk later.
Don't you know what you did?
So we had to create one.
But all we found was death.
Sir, just because the breach is open
Have you heard of this Steve Gray guy?
Buttocks up!
We're going up?
He's playing fun because you're his brother-in-law.
We both get paid to go door to door, asking people if they'll hand over cash they don't want to.
The act of remembering relies on the prefrontal cortex, which governs thought, attention, and reasoning.
He's the guilty one, Your Honor.
Flint, stay put.
I've never been this happy or comfortable anywhere.
I just went with the flow.
I did get one wrong.
Let me give you just a story, an example.
I mean, you guys could be twins.
Let us all free!
Some shine and some don't.
That kid tries to ground the hour of something?
Fear of the unknown.
Buddy!
Ape... not... kill... ape.
And Lord knows, I've made some mistakes myself.
So where I started was with connection.
Well, most of the time.
A man not fit to lick the ground my mother walks on.
Let's give them a minute.
And what Horatius said was,
So why did you go away?
Get some fishing in.
Good, sir.
Am I putting my energy in what can get measured -- my legs, my speed -- or in passing the baton?
He's the one
Beware not to burn.
Hunts Point was formerly a walk-to-work community, but now residents had neither work nor home to walk to.
This is the first and last chase in our lives. Got it?
For the other admins and helpers, we document everything so that, whether it's good or bad or a concerning conversation, it's there, so everybody is aware.
How could you be so sure that Bhairava will win?
And I say, "Empathy.
And they could use those for practice balls.
You made me ready to get married, darling.
All other animals live in an objective reality.
He's coming this way!
Your ass belongs to me?
We did what we had to do.
If anybody has an idea they think is better than mine...
(Gunshot)
And when we engage people in those questions, in finding the answers to those questions, then I believe that we have a much better chance of addressing the alienation and disaffection from politics that is so prevalent in so many countries across the developed world today.
Trevor, come on.
Not only did he get me one, but I had to get two.
Received.
I'm talking to your boss.
What a beautiful place!
Fly Emirates.
- That can't be right.
So now, my family's property was worthless, save for that it was our home, and all we had.
And they all fit together.
Are you sure?
Listen to me
This is not a fucking Code Zero, all right?
Fall back.
The standard numbers are that lifespans have been growing at between one and two years per decade.
That's sweet, Po.
How? Unfortunately, that's classified.
Chooo!
I'm scared.
Well, it's a key.
First, you must answer the question, "Why?"
So they invented their own fetal heart rate monitor.
Two things: One, I never had sex.
- You fool.
No one can do it for you. You have to do it for yourself.
So, it really is down to you.
# Would my every prayer begin and end
I have no interest in your nuclear launch codes.
You sometimes had to send out for it, so the process could take weeks.
Will lead to a deeper reflection on the nature of sound.
THE LAPTOP.
So that's more than 100 trillion miles.
It will depend on inspired leadership.
I just took a few photos of the kids, and the next day I came with the posters and we pasted them.
Were you confused?
Hi, Carol. Ah, Mr Mayor.
- Give me twenty more!
Because of that, social dances bubble up, they change and they spread like wildfire.
Now, although that might sound impressive, in some ways it's a little bit problematic as a medical test, because you can probably tell which of these people is obese without knowing anything about their gut microbes, but it turns out that even if we sequence their complete genomes and had all their human DNA, we could only predict which one was obese with about 60 percent accuracy.
But what if we created a program over the summer that empowered teachers as teaching coaches to develop aspiring educators?
And a little while later, I am riding in an ambulance from one hospital across Boston to [Massachusetts] General Hospital.
Heywood, you're so smart, you call it?
And yeah, there was a fake video to go with it.
This here is a pteropod, it's called a sea butterfly.
And so when I discovered that you had posted my surprise proposal to my girlfriend at the very bottom, I was beside myself.
Sasha and Alexis Kaidanovksy.
Plasma cannon engaged.
You've a double large only when you're happy, father.
Most being that I wasn't given a grant, I wasn't given a lot of money, and I wasn't given a lot of resources.
So I borrowed them, adapted them for ice, and then I had a numeric model for how a crevasse can fracture when filled with water from the aquifer.
The red lines there are me, and the blue lines are the sex and age-matched control.
We have a million students a month using the site, watching on the order of 100 to 200,000 videos a day.
What's going on?
HE LIKES TO KEEP A SOUVENIR.
They are installed side by side and they're touching, and they are entitled "'Untitled' (Perfect Lovers)."
SSome bone..?
- 380 knots they are not responding to our hails.
Leave me.
Sign right here.
So when we get pregnant, our fertilized eggs grow into newborn babies.
Sikander!
Sorry?
How are you feeling?
How do we know that it's wrong? Maybe you and I disagree.
Every one of these guys was on it.
So be careful later on.
You can see our house from up there.
They got most people out of the building.
Today, I'm using it to create permanent, billowing, voluptuous forms the scale of hard-edged buildings in cities around the world.
We need to do this now.
Surprisingly good, Dr. Cale.
As well, we could characterize the fungal receptor receiving those signals and part of the underlying reaction occurring within the fungus and leading to its direct growth toward the plant.
As our realities are increasingly based on the information that we're consuming at the palm of our hand and from the news feeds that we're scanning and the hashtags and stories that we see trending, the Russian government was the first to recognize how this evolution had turned your mind into the most exploitable device on the planet.
Just hold on.
(Laughter) (Applause) And the only thing -- the only thing that makes sleeping even more complicated than trying to do it on an airplane is when you have small children.
For now.
Somebody else has a design for it.
- But after the fight.
What's happening?
What the hell is happening, Stu?
Not doing it.
Do you copy?
We're not home right now but leave a message and we'll call you right back.
All right...
For example, one time I needed a costume to go to a comic convention, but I didn't want to spend too much money, so I made my own ...
Not you!
Aunty gave it to you thinking you're my wife.
I know it does not please you, but accept ...
Yes. Water.
- Random!
Is the Deer God's head all the Emperor really wants?
Actually, no, this is better.
The other thing to remember about Africa is that most of their agriculture is rainfed.
Blonde?
In fact, while we drove 140,000 miles, people didn't even notice.
Yeah, of course, yeah.
Come on, I'll slow down, promise.
I won't be long.
Excuse me.
This is when people actually get stuff done, is when no one's bothering them or interrupting them.
A Secretary's job is to maintain discipline in the society.
- Yeah, and growl.
I can't!
So this is it. And for those of you that weren't there, the LHC is the largest scientific experiment ever attempted -- 27 kilometers in circumference.
So he did what any good developer would do, he wrote an app.
Helmut?
Donnie's gonna be pissed.
(Laughter) RL: So, one of the things we're really focusing on is, really, the cost.
Thank you, thank you!
We drove last night?
That's analogous to -- imagine learning to ride a bicycle.
Chile's catching up!
You don't have to worry about losing me ever again.
It empowers people to take control of their own lives and their own actions and futures.
On the night of June 11th, 2003, he climbed up to the edge of the fence on the Manhattan Bridge and he leaped to the treacherous waters below.
Their star super pig.
She's very happy about her minister of energy that provided electricity to everyone -- so happy that she even voted for her.
I sat down and I thought, "What is going on?"
Are you sorry?
So he told me, "Well, let me show you how I do it."
We're finding all kinds of ways to push back the limits of what we know.
And from this new vantage point, I've observed something that is far less familiar to me, propelling so much of China's innovation and many of its entrepreneurs.
-industrial sabotage, -(PEOPLE SCREAMING) and the elimination of obstructions on the road to peace.
Walker's been after this guy forever.
Because he said evil things about Lasse.
Info received.
We're two miles away from Andrews.
But they're playing geopolitics.
"How much does God want me to give?"
But I tell you what is this nonsense going on in the society?
CA: Well, Philip Anderson may have been right.
- Three days?
Hayley!
First of all, let's explain what the performance is.
A lot of innovative teachers began bringing comics into their classrooms to experiment.
Will strike through that gap and deal the deathblow to Darius' head.
Well, we weren't having that, obviously.
And even then -- God is merciful; forgiveness is supreme -- and so, essentially, better if you don't.
Let's feast in my son's honor.
I said, "Why are you crying?"
Whoa, slow down.
- We've tried everything.
Her name is Kaviarasi.
[ WIND BANGING SHUTTERS ]
This is how brynza cheese is made.
Speak to me.
But we've got to figure something out or the people on Earth are gonna die.
In this episode, the main-course mystery ingredient was quinoa.
Emily Cale, go ahead.
They sent me to prison to lock me up, thinking, "Now there will be no cars and no VIPs to be given tickets to.
We lived in New York City, as I said.
I like to move beyond raising awareness.
Come out quietly
- Are those pictures on sale?
Screw you.
Stupid fool.
All those buildings have something in common: it's that something is searching for desire, for dreams.
And also in rural communities that are traditionally very conservative, but where politics is failing the vast majority of people.
- We come for you, and you discard us.
As long as orders were coming in, he'd think business was hunky-dory.
Give me a moment.
I like to think of it as a kind of technological magic.
Chattanooga?
"Drugs!
We heard about it during the Brexit debates and most recently during the French elections.
And there's a date written on the on page no .65.
More tea, vicar?
The wedding.
There's a global effort underway to accomplish exactly this goal.
What do you want to talk about?
The idea is that these expressions remind us of a specific thing.
No, that's the spot where you were conceived.
Today, food aid, our food aid -- huge engine -- 80 percent of it is bought in the developing world.
You couldn't tell the difference between somebody from Texas and somebody from Rome.
They can soldier or work in the cities.
Altogether, imagine in the future taking a programmed probiotic that could detect and treat cancer, or even other diseases.
Are you?
So actually, they're marking their bond there.
Ultimately leads to war.
Yeah, uh...
Let us think about that."
A change in commitment. A new sense of urgency.
That's amazing.
I've paid a lot for this.
Yeah, I can see that was wrong.
[water dripping rhythmically]
Killick, report!
The other thing it does is that this plant mimics another orchid that has a wonderful store of food for insects.
Politics.
Put some muscle to it!
Yeah?
This one was from Haiti.
And some of the reason for that is that people take what happens to them extremely personally -- they own their success, but they also own their failure.
Pfft!
We should go.
No, you just have to tell that lawyer of yours you need the money now.
And everything but -- four of these light objects are stars, and you can see them there -- little pluses.
I sit here listening to it and to the crumbling of my body and wait for that woman dreaming of the moment I crush her head in my jaws.
Without steam, we're not going anywhere.
And this is why people choose to do work at home, or they might go to the office, but they might go to the office really early in the day, or late at night when no one's around, or they stick around after everyone's left, or go in on the weekends, or they get work done on the plane, in the car or in the train, because there are no distractions.
Halt!
- Cooper?
Start anywhere you like.
Her male subordinates would wave one-dollar bills in her face, and say, "Dance for me!"
Reason is fear
Schloss saw the mistake.
So I now would like you to put your seat belts on and put your hats on.
As I thought about that later on, I came up with a saying, which is, "I collect bad wines."
(Laughter) Now, I think this is totally obvious, but the very obviousness of it raises what is for me an incredibly profound question.
What, Jack Harper?
I've done nothing for you in the past.
MAN 2:
She just called.
Well, this is a case of what scientists call "motivated reasoning."
Maybe it was a mistake, all right?
Mr..
Like you said, it's a little strange.
That is not me anymore.
She's making wildfire.
It says that "the world of humanity is possessed of two wings, the male and the female.
No, please don't.
The blockade has managed to hang on until the end of the business day.
And so, if anyone in this room wanted to wear a veil, or a very funny hat, or tattoo their face -- I think we should be free to voluntarily do whatever we want, but we have to be honest about the constraints that these women are placed under.
That's not bad, is it?
Did you clean the car?
Let's go home, dumb-dumb.
I believe I said, "Bring it back in one piece," not, "Bring back one piece."
And I've seen how these programs can make a difference.
I'm not supposed to do magic with strangers.
Dad, this is actually a little more important than building saddles.
Are you shaved?
We must take brother to the hospital immediately.
The last time I saw these beautiful fingers, they were wrapped around my...
Something you're itching to tell me?
Optimism is sometimes characterized as a belief, an intellectual posture.
We're heading for the breach.
What we're about to do now is for her.
Get over yourself!"
- She cut him.
Come in. One more thing, salesmen are like vampires.
So we unlock your gift with anger.
Someone take care of the mom please?
(Laughter) And this guy has to come to the net.
Please it's not good!
(Laughter) (Imitating Arabic) Tutti Frutti!
I don't know whether the other people all were honest or whether they also said a little bit higher or lower than what they did because it's anonymous.
You need only bow and serve beneath my feet.
There is another way to search for dark matter, which is indirectly.
Organic atomic reduction.
But nobody ever taught you how this works, you just know it.
Why haven't they come yet with him?
( groans, laughing )
(HE SOBS)
But living a meaningful life takes work.
No, it's busted.
Your hands, up close, are anything but smooth.
There's a medicine that's been developed in Germany..
This is Ratcliffe on Soar Coal power station, the second largest power station in the UK and soon to be the target of a publicly announced mass action.
Till now you didn't meet me,
I also figured out that if you really want something badly enough, you can do anything for 30 days.
In Agbogbloshie, weight is a form of currency.
Things that don't have any wiring in them at all, we're learning how to include in these systems of notation and navigation.
So I said, "I'm going to spend a year over here."
On the day of the scheduled meeting, I tried--
"Yes, I did it! I confess!
- No, come on, man.
(Line Ringing)
- HOW MANY?
Dementia.
And then we had Theo.
Ha-ha-ha.
They say you're a king.
Smiley told me everything.
Always.
You've been sleeping for 18 hours.
I said, "I have to talk to them about stories.
I've been waiting all morning in here, for a beating.
TD: But maybe in the spirit of appreciating the kindness of you all, I could share with you a little story about myself.
There's a vast playing field of all the things that artificial intelligence can become.
I like that.
So in this video you see -- and it's sped up 10, 14 times -- you see three different structures being built by these robots.
"You coming? You no coming?"
Right, brother.
This thing does something else which is unusual.
- Just give me a compliment or something.
And this is great.
Let's just say we're back in the game.
Ta-ta
And, imagine the rest.
Whatever you're doing with your hands, it's understanding that gesture.
That's 116 letters build just in one week.
This is the blue zone in Sardinia, an Italian island in the Mediterranean, between Corsica and Tunisia, where there are six times as many centenarians as on the Italian mainland, less than 200 miles away.
When her work was done, she rewarded me with an ice-cold glass of bittersweet lemonade and then lined my shoes with sprigs of mint to cool off my feet.
(Laughter) You know, we're desperately trying to avoid being gross all the time, so I think many of us take this kind of voyeuristic delight in learning about gross things.
- No, no, no. All right, did you...
And then you can measure your brain waves.
And where was he earning it from? From a little club in India.
-I'm Jack Torrance.
Think for a minute.
We have that information, but what often happens to us is that we don't really choose to pay attention to it.
If I'm not who I say I am, I won't last long.
I read many, many books during this two-year period.
They will say, "Up to 500 dollars if you want to send, we will charge you 30 dollars fixed."
How best to describe it?
You put away almost nothing.
We can integrate over the surface, and the notation usually is a capital sigma.
The building's buttoned up.
(Applause) And if I could share the image with you on the screen.
- Think of what could have happened.
- Swear to me on what?
A small slip-up is one thing. A big one does not bear thinking about.
We're all full up.
It just printed the pieces overnight.
Don't get excited!
(Laughter) Put yourselves in my position.
I don't know if she's hurt.
I don't remember sending you an invitation, but I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I don't want to say too much about how wonderful babies are.
The men were new
young fellas like yourself can wear a suit and a tie and have a job.
[WHISTLING]
I'm afraid that I wouldn't be any help with anything.
Alone in the dark with nothing but your thoughts, time can draw out like a blade.
Come on, we've got classes.
Dad, you're gonna love this.
I do not know.
We got into a fight...
And the thing that drives me is the fear of just missing one of them.
Sir, look at your charts.
I will not die.
No, you're running with your shirt off so all the pretty girls could notice you.
I thought I was very clever.
There was just a stop, maybe someone's coming.
Come on, I'm bored.
Our job is to clear the nest and extract whatever information we can from the mark.
It was a vicious assault.
Move this way!
Now, for me, this little pond scum critter Tetrahymena was a great way to study the fundamental mystery I was most curious about: those bundles of DNA in our cells called chromosomes.
Execution is what matters the most."
Lucas, come on.
Bah-Bah.
I shall come.
Every two years, our patient and dedicated research staff calls up our men and asks them if we can send them yet one more set of questions about their lives.
I surrendered my body to them.
It's good to see you.
I don't want to live here!
No, the Kurds will do better, and Iraq, Israel, Iran over time.
I really can't say.
My point exactly, I am doing two things at once.
- What the hell is it, Calvin?
It was important when cells divide.
(NATE GROANS) (CHUCKLES)
And when someone talks to me that way, I hate the Arabic language.
But sometimes it just sat there.
What a loser!
And Mike, who I met at Galapagos, a trip which I won at TED, is leaving notes on cyberspace where he is chronicling his journey through cancer.
JACK". Good morning, Mission. This is Commander Jack Harper.
Well, he's a criminal and a killer.
I know, I know.
I thought that helps me.
So I went into the woods.
Open it up.
It's hard for any member of the public to take direct action.
Pick up the phone.
I care about two things.
You haven't told me what I'm doing here yet.
They were after me.
(CHUCKLING) And I'm enjoying myself.
And this is very difficult to do because of our structures.
Let's go inside
But regarding today, we'll need payment
And your mind is particularly exploitable if you're accustomed to an unfettered flow of information, now increasingly curated to your own tastes.
The police created a barricade around this containment center.
Please tie this on for me.
Why are you avoiding him?
And other things that I don't -- aren't familiar with.
Can't you wait till later?
So the wiggly lines at the top, all the colors, this is the normal sort of data you would see on a monitor -- heart rate, pulse, oxygen within the blood, and respiration.
I'm off on a date. Bye!
Uncle, he is...
First, you give it a coat of glue...
Get down!
But you haven't solved it yet.
And those boots?
It became very apparent to me that the real world was not built for someone of my size, both literally or figuratively.
- ( grunting ) - ( choking )
Most of what we know about human life we know from asking people to remember the past, and as we know, hindsight is anything but 20/20.
Sometimes it is necessary to leave the ancestral home.
Well, just Wednesdays.
When faced with particularly difficult setbacks or complexities, a really interesting behavior emerges: decoration.
We've developed this ability because it makes evolutionary sense.
Standing right there and I didn't see it.
The answer is: if you look at the left-hand side of the two texts, you'll notice that there's a cramping of signs, and it seems like 4,000 years ago, when the scribe was writing from right to left, they ran out of space.
I think she liked it.
My glasses okay?
I am not your friend.
Reality is so rich, there is so much going on, it's almost impossible to know what drives people's behavior really.
The tennis etiquette is, both the players have to come to the net and shake hands.
I regret that you suffer. I fired that shot. It is me that brainless pig should have cursed.
This is madness.
No incendiaries in the White House.
( Illyrio speaking Dothraki ) Athchomar chomakaan, Khal vezhven.
A good match will be found for Durga.
It's very harsh conditions.
Who's the man in the hood, sir?
He called me boatsman Olsen's second wife.
What do you expect from a teetotal, non-smoking vegetarian?
Proceed to landing.
with a light-up crown and skirt.
And I worked as a marketing guy, and a sales guy, and a knowledge guy, and a content guy, and a training guy.
I think probably three ladders, with people at the top, and people at the bottom locked on.
It's super-iterative, lots of refinement, blood, sweat, tears and years.
Initiate now.
MAN [OVER RADIO]:
So it turns out that this dance has a great many variations and identifying the variations is really the thing that matters, and that's why we need this to be really, really good.
/ Yeah./ Cool.
We got a problem.
Why is there no massive resettlement program for Syrian refugees, the victims of the worst war of our times?
If you have some bad news, you have a cup of tea.
Welcome to the new world.
Like most simple questions, there's a very complex answer.
He was a healthy guy in the prime of life.
Okay, hold off.
I couldn't face going home to tell Sam I'd lost my job.
I'm sorry about Tennessee.
cry too much...
Get 'em flying by sundown, and I'll buy you two a round of drinks when you get up to the Tet.
but your note's been d-listed from the exchange.
You trusted me to hold your porch, remember?
It's calling him here!
I'll tie.
is clearly calling the shots as the new commander in chief.
I have no choice?
That the stories you hear about this man... if nothing else, has been ###### down.
When every minute counted, we had already lost months, and by then the virus had spread like wildfire all across West Africa, and eventually to other parts of the world.
( Rattles )
"Oh, my God!"
(Applause) (Cheers)
Ninety-five percent of that land can only feed people from animals.
When I took over this company for Dr. Pym,
Everyone!
You see, Mr Keegan fancies himself as a hero.
[ WHISTLES ]
Come to fight a boy in the showers.
That was my plan.
It's why he invented the spyglass.
(Laughter) You're not very good at this, are you?
Mr. Vice President, I apologise in advance..
Tell me who proposed to you first.
You know, we should've just taken her to New York.
- We understood that much.
Ah, no!
Hey, let's just stick with this a little longer, and if it gets too dicey, we leave.
If you let me go, he will spare you.
- Leave her.
So I repeated the experiment. I went 300 miles out of Delhi into a really remote village where the chances of a passing software development engineer was very little. (Laughter) I repeated the experiment there.
So in the parking lot you stay for a certain amount of time, and then after this you just, you know, go back, you see more of the things you like to see or go home with your certificate.
Well, he wasn't doing a very good job.
The main challenge was to find the right filament for printing clothes with.
No, I don't think...
He never stopped.
We can view the ocean from another perspective.
Synthetic DNA is a commodity.
Is that a person?
As a unit of measurement for human experience, the country doesn't quite work.
We gotta keep our strength up.
$50?
Yeah.
Two years, I was ostracized, I was stigmatized, I was isolated, because I was a victim.
I must say, I don't think the Iron Bank has ever had a debt of this magnitude repaid in a single installment.
(Applause) Chris Anderson: It's a deal!
You don't know, dear.
So if we think about an extreme weather event that might happen in some part of the world, and if that happens in a part of the world where there is good infrastructure, where there are people that are well-insured and so on, then that impact can be disruptive.
Now, why doesn't this take place?
You know?
Business acumen and ideas and friendship.